Finally , I would like to say that I am totally incomprehensible by the fact that the American authorities face the risks of this trend .
If we look at the development of certain types of cancer in the USA and the growth in the American population , then we should all tackle all kinds of violence .
I therefore hope that the new ban on the use of this road traffic in Europe will be removed from the American consumer and consumer protection , so that further discussion will be done within the framework of the WTO .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur for his report and the committees for the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive to amend Directive 96 / 22 in the Council on the ban on the use of certain substances in the production of certain substances .
The Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety and fulfil our international obligations under the Convention on the application of the implementation and measures that have been laid down in the convention on the application of the specified agreement .
This House is well aware that the current ban on the use of the use of the World Trade Organisation has been questioned and that the final decision proposed by the European Community could be made of the risk of being made of a few animals in the event of the 1998 discharge .
As you know , the Commission has introduced additional risk assessment for this assessment , which takes account of the clarification of the WTO sitting .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published an opinion on the possible harmful effects of public health on the possible harmful effects of steel in beef and weapons on human health .
These opinions were checked and confirmed in May 2000 .
The preparatory organisation was established for none of the six millimetres which have been carried out for the six @-@ year period for registering animals .
With regard to the 17 @-@ thirds of 17 % wireless transport , there is the view that this substance has been seen as a bargaining chip , because it has been the same as a trivial issue .
Further information is detected for the other five years .
On the basis of these conclusions , the Commission proposed first of all , that it is a carcinogenic substance to ban the emission of water charges in advance .
Secondly , the Commission proposed to keep the ban on the rest of the five limits for the period , and to obtain more detailed scientific information .
This measure will be regularly examined and is in line with our international obligations .
I am very pleased that the report supports this approach .
This proposal also has the necessary legal basis for adapting the final and interim legal basis within the framework of the draft budget , in order to provide a rapid reaction to new knowledge and to make further progress in this way .
I am extremely sorry that the introduction of the text was not supported by the report by the report .
I think many of you are aware of this .
I have discussed the question of the application of the implementation of the copyright system with you , and I note that the Commission has not received any agreement in the amendments tabled by the Commission .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider its position on this matter , because I think it is extremely important to consider the question of the issue of the stabilisation procedure in this context .
If Parliament insists on the adoption of the annexes , then I feel that it is not enough to ensure that it is not sufficiently adequate to provide health protection for consumers in this debate , both in terms of BSE and with this particular issue .
How can we justify a delay in revising and approval of the annexes if , for example , the Commission has recommended that a further monitoring clause be placed on the list ?
How can something be done ?
One speakers said that it is a political matter .
I reject that statement .
It is a scientific question .
It is precisely for that reason that the WTO has been involved .
I am very concerned about the fact that Parliament &apos; s position on this subject remains a threat to the fact that , in its opinion , it will not be accepted , but the codecision procedure will not be supported .
I have seen all of these things .
I have already discussed such a debate with Parliament and I know what I am saying .
Members will appear to vote in favour of the matter and to follow suit .
Consideration will not be made to know exactly what they are going to vote on , as they are not information on this particular subject .
I also see great concern that so many people are going to vote for the consumer , without knowing that they are going to be able to start a procedure which jeopardises consumer health , with a view to achieving the process with a clear scientific recommendation , which can be included in the annex to a clear scientific recommendation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would urge you to reconsider your position on this matter and give rise to greater priority .
Look at the question of arbitration policy than the interinstitutional cooperation between Parliament and the Commission on whether or not there is a complete consultation procedure in such cases .
This is a scientific area which is based on scientific recommendations . It is a question of the Commission which will be taken into an annex and which will be incorporated into an annex , with a comprehensive range of fundamental rights .
I have already referred to this issue and I have already referred to the fact that I am not going to conceal the position of Parliament when it comes to this issue .
I would therefore urge you to take serious account of the rights of consumers , the question of adequate consumer protection and also think that the work of food safety will be included in the next year .
It will take up a job of army .
If a danger emerges , it can recommend that a reaction from the executive be carried out immediately .
Sometimes it will mean that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
If this is to be done , then we will be able to provide the rapid reaction of the consumer with the rapid reaction of the consumer .
But if this is possible , then we will have delays in the codecision procedure .
Let me now turn to the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will begin with the amendments which the Commission cannot approve .
The Commission can accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 9 and 10 , which I have already tabled .
Nor can they be able to support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 , in which the introduction to the introduction of the electoral system will be accompanied by the introduction of the lists to be updated and removed from the codecision procedure .
Amendment No 1 deals with a sound justification for the decision to keep the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment , because it will take into account the results of all the future studies .
Amendment No 2 would be the duty of the Commission to finance research for the five to five million substances .
That is unacceptable .
Neither Community law under Community law is the Commission &apos; s legal obligation to finance research .
On the contrary , the WTO is asking for a risk assessment on the basis of all the scientific data available .
However , such studies are not excluded from the European Union &apos; s defence systems .
The Commission cannot also accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 , which call for effective health protection for health protection .
I should like to point out that both Member States and at Community level already exist .
For example , in particular , under Directive 96 / 23 of the Council on inspection and arrears of the Council , controls are already being monitored .
The Commission also proposed that the provisions of the directive will not apply to animals which will be dealt with by 1 July for animals which are being dealt with or therapeutic .
Mrs Grossetête proposes in her Amendment No 15 to make this provision conditional upon proper alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on the basis of the protection of the health protection in view of clear scientific information .
Furthermore , a study has been carried out that there are sufficient alternatives to the processing of depleted uranium products for therapeutic or non @-@ justiciable purposes in the Community .
Parliament should be given this study as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , as well as Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data , as they are helpful to the text .
Finally , I would once again like to thank Mr Olsson for his excellent report and his support on this important issue .
To summarise , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 12 , 13 , 13 , 14 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 , and Amendment No 10 , which is Amendment No 10 to scientific data .
Mr President , needless to say , needless to say , I respect the position made by Commissioner Byrne who supports a sense of confidence .
But what we want to achieve is not an extension of the procedure , but we need to address a discussion on this issue , as many other points do not have the scientific clarity .
Yesterday I found in Stockholm with a representative of the American Congress , which was not the European concept of science .
Therefore , we must not only discuss scientific issues in this Chamber , but also with regard to the principle of ethics , which concerns the promotion of opinions and the precautionary principle .
This is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the process .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of the book book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new boundaries in relation to telecommunications : electronic telephones and sub @-@ mail ( 2000 / 2118 ( INI ) ) .
Mr President , I would like to begin by explaining why this report is important and a few weeks ago , it is an important document which has reportedly been carried out : Michel powder , Leonardo de Vinci , anti @-@ Semitism and a man from my own country , Synaspismos .
As far as I am concerned , this works in this works , the rich of language , culture and history , several times old .
You think that you are thinking and I think it is important .
The background of my work has been spent on these occasions , which many people are willing to read .
books , in particular , would cause access to alternatives , ideas and options .
I come from very simple situations and in a poor area with low prospects and modest prospects .
But the day when I have a joke , I have books and many other people have their own experience .
I am very grateful to the authors and praise of these books for me , and I feel it is my duty to ensure that other people are able to make this experience too .
So what is this report ?
I should simply like to make sure that the electronic era , which applies to books in our Member States , is whether the framework of intellectual property rights , migration , taxation , provision of demand or grants will continue to apply in the new age .
books were more than just a rhetoric , and in a world which is becoming increasingly vulnerable to goods , it is very important .
E @-@ commerce covers four specific areas : electronic books , electronic books , water purification water and Internet equipment on the Internet .
We must ensure that we have the necessary political ideas with which we have a comprehensive overall strategy which will allow all these developments to be achieved .
So what is to be done with this report ?
Firstly , we must promote strong growth and development of these areas and the widespread use of electronic media in Europe .
We need affordable access to the media for all Europeans and the necessary conciliation of knowledge .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by means of the use of electronic networks and promote the traditional publishing industry in a world of e @-@ commerce .
In order to achieve this objective , we must ensure that we are concerned with the appropriate policies which provide for this sort of growth and ensure that all citizens participate in their freedom and access .
This is why my report contains a number of demands .
The EU &apos; s institutions have an important role to play in ensuring future growth .
Firstly , the Commission can draw up a comprehensive political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help to promote policies which promote lifelong learning and encourage digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should support the development and mechanisms of SMEs in this sector , and we need to ensure that , together with the Member States , we have to take measures to ensure the rights of authors and the interests of the tourist industry and ensure that the workers concerned have the opportunity to develop their competences in the new era .
Member States should make sure that they can be monitored on books and should be applied to the use of electronic commerce .
All this is in the context of our ability and , in this way , I would like to commend almost every House in the hope that we can work together to ensure that everyone can benefit from the benefits that the development of this new sector entails .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O &apos; s report on her report , which has made the dramatic changes to the new technologies in recent years .
We are all entitled to reconsider the accounts as a unit or as a lawyer , and we must consider our relationship .
There has been a revolution which is still more interesting and more interesting and more important .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies which we need to adopt in order to deal with the new nature of its manufacture and mediation .
The question is whether we have to protect the Paper against the uncontrolled market , and we are therefore calling for the great importance of the concept of both the book and in our society , which is important as far as possible .
The spread of the Internet and the expansion of the Internet , which is being discussed by intellectual property and the status of the author of the world , but also the risk of taking advantage of major sections of the public access to the new media .
The inequalities with regard to those of those who are illiterate , rural areas and disadvantaged groups can be harmful if they are now to be harmful to the letter and &apos; less @-@ off &apos; .
This problem is serious that we can talk about a threat to social cohesion , and that is the risk of developing Union policies in good time .
But all Member States need to make their access to books and make them easier to pass access to them , because they are the future of the European Union , and there is no future for the future , without a book or in electronic form .
Madam President , Commissioner , books are an important medium in the medium and culture of culture , and this is a modern company .
I therefore believe that this report is very good .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her extensive work and the many analyses she has carried out .
This area is becoming permanent .
Yet it is not only the production of the production but also consumption .
What is more is a form of consumption , and we need more vigorous incentives .
People must always decide how they spend their time .
So , with my colleague , Mr Graça Moura , I have tabled an amendment with the call for a &apos; European Year of Lifelong Learning &apos; .
We proposed to include 23 April , for we have proposed the birthday of Wise Men &apos; s 65th birthday and the electoral conference .
This is therefore covered by Europe .
In several countries , there is already some UNESCO &apos; s meagre day .
But I will leave the Commission &apos; s wisdom to choose a different date .
Commissioner , offer offer offer to offer availability of a demand .
In order to give an additional stimulus , Mr Graça Moura , and I also call for a year , we must press for it .
A second problem is the impact of marketeers .
It is essential to protect protection for pluralism and cultural diversity .
It is also true that , in a number of Member States , they should be able to adopt an early retirement system , which is normal in a number of Member States .
Madam President , today I would like to speak out of the procedural point of view , both in both positive and negative terms .
As far as the positive side is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is the individualisation of offer and demand .
As far as we are concerned , as far as we are concerned , as far as we are concerned , it is a fact that , as far as we are concerned , the tax burden is a little more serious one , that is to say that the tax burden will change , more and more importantly , because the electronic Paper will lead to a fundamental change in the telecommunications market .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that access to communication is now more difficult .
Let us not go ahead .
The new technologies can , of course , provide a chance for democratisation of the territory , but also an additional obstacle to primary training .
Finally , Madam President , Commissioner , I would like to ask for the utmost vigilance that this new technology will be preserved for copyright , which is extremely harmful to the issue of precaution , because creativity is being threatened .
That is why I would like to point out that the same reasons for transport companies in Europe must be regulated , namely safeguarding creativity and disseminating their products .
Madam President , Mrs O &apos; s very valuable report gives us the opportunity to make further ideas about the future of a book and new initiatives .
As in this report , the report continues to play an extremely important role in the spread of European cultures , and , moreover , the increase in the number of old routes , such as rich , alive and diverse these crops are .
That is why it is self @-@ evident that we are looking at ourselves when the book is increasingly taken into consideration .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy within the framework of the Structural Funds .
Do you have that , ladies and gentlemen ?
Let me mention two examples .
Thanks to the fact that the number of libraries back in Greece to 2006 will be dropped from EUR 170 per hectare .
During the same period , under the operational culture programme in Portugal , Portugal is EUR 38 million for the introduction of records and libraries on the promotion of the thought , and the promotion of the thought , for half the European Regional Development Fund .
This is also true of competition policy , which takes account of the special importance of the accounts for the European peoples .
This also applies to the work in the culture of culture .
During the debate on Culture 2000 , Parliament stressed the importance of the importance of the measures to promote and literature &apos;s book .
As the first year of the implementation of the programme shows , this concern has been met .
In Mrs O &apos; s report , we will be invited to extend our attention to the development and all aspects of the technological revolution in order to make optimum use of the new ways in which the new ways of ensuring access to knowledge can be used to ensure access to knowledge and to guarantee the rights of the electoral system .
The digital revolution is a chance , but also risks .
In fact , Mrs O &apos; s report , in fact , mentions this very graphically , which is why I will not come back to this .
I would just like to mention one point , namely the danger of exclusion that the needs of disadvantaged groups are not given particular attention to the needs of the population .
It is a vital precondition to promote the digital technology of education and culture , is their accessibility .
I would like to admit that it would be acceptable to accept that between generations , between society and those who do not have full benefits from the new technologies in their lives , and those who have full benefits from the new technologies , and those who are living in their lives and risk a digital divide .
I think we must not just bear in mind that there is a gulf between the haves and the difference in which we can do nothing about it , but we must do everything to close them .
We can take a great deal of action .
You represent citizenship , a social task which we are represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
In addition , I believe that globalisation , if globalisation is controlled , and digital technology is not automatically destroying the destruction of national and regional cultures .
By adapting to the new realities of the information society , the cultural industry will doubtless be a profound and rapid change .
As far as we are concerned , this means that we must control this change of change and not simply support their development .
We must be at the beginning of its development , so that the digital age can offer new railway assets and , at the same time , allow a boost to the environment .
A first of its budget appropriations , but rather a specific measure , is to create networking of civil services and cooperation .
I am sure that the Commission has its most important role to play in this area and the Commission &apos; s proposals for the programme for 2001 have made it clear that the implementation of several projects involving the involvement of the Germans and sub @-@ economic areas is a matter of great importance .
If the experiment is convincing , further measures are planned for the transport industry in the context of the cultural industry .
In my opinion , there is a new area which is not sufficiently viable and that we have a basic , liberal and secondary function .
In addition to the specific actions of the programme , I would like to mention a whole series of measures which will help to foster their digital revolution and to help to achieve their digital revolution , and that is why the rapporteur agrees with the demands of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ mail initiative which I launched in May last year concerns the infrastructures of education , which are a prerequisite for different action .
The Commission services have drawn up a programme for implementing this initiative .
Furthermore , the Commission is funding , and will continue , in particular , to carry out the use of technologies in the field of general education , which is specifically linked to the use of technology in general , and which , together with the Leonardo programme , is an integral part of our activities on vocational training .
In addition , the development of partnerships between the public and private sectors can also be put right in the field of education .
The e @-@ Europe initiative is the objective of the Commission &apos; s initiative to ensure that the information society is properly enforced .
Up until the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and multimedia of the European Union &apos; s fisheries centres will be necessary , including the least @-@ favoured areas , and , by the end of 2002 , all pupils are required to carry out all the pupils .
Another area of our activities relates to the development of services to support the development of content and the e @-@ mail service .
The e @-@ commerce programme which has now been adopted for a period of four years is the promotion of development and use of digital content .
It is also a question of cooperation with the European Investment Bank and the availability of venture capital to be able to cope with the European Investment Bank .
This is the route which the Commission and the EIB are working on to finance the cultural industry .
We have a new future of the future , that is to say our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is also a source of greater support and greater visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal submitted by several of you , Mr Graça Moura , ten Holte , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , a European Year of ideas and .
However , one such year is not possible for a period of time , but we should think about a day , a week or a month or a month of thought , which could be organised from 2002 .
We should not set ourselves on a certain option , but we should discuss it in order to take the best decision which would be included in the Culture 2000 programme .
I am therefore in favour of a discussion in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , with the parties involved in the interests of the concept of new , and cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument , an instrument , but this instrument can be extremely useful to develop our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos; s wife and also the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media and Sport .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
Madam President , a number of MEPs have rightly pointed out the existence of the MEDA programme , which is why I would like to ask the Commission to adopt an oral amendment to the following wording : &quot; The Commission is to create a special programme in order to facilitate investment in aquaculture and strengthening the implementation of the telecommunications market . &quot;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on relations between the EU and the Mediterranean , C5 @-@ 0630 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0630 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COS ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation in Colombia , on the peace process in Colombia
Relating to the recitals B and C
Madam President , if I understand correctly , there is the first amendment which we shall be voting on , with the authors of the vote , with his authors that Amendment No 1 will be withdrawn if section 1 of paragraph 1 is voted on .
This Recital b ) was the whole of the first part of the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; and the second text .
I think that the separate vote on the original text of Recital 1 can be dealt with in the vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would vote in favour of the first and second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise to the vote .
In the case of Amendment No 2 of the Group of the Party of European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , if I understand correctly , we would first of all like to vote in favour of a vote in the original text , &quot; in determining the fact that the Millennium Plan &quot; between &quot; social players &quot; .
If we were to vote on a second part , we would have voted on a second part of the vote , and then we would be voting on this Amendment No 2 as an addition .
That is why we are voting on the original text in the first place of separate parts , and then on Amendment No 2 , as well as Amendment No 2 .
Mr Mombaur , I was working on this subject as shadow rapporteur for the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
But what Mr Miranda says is true , but that is an amendment .
As you are aware of the remarks made before you before you , the services have made a mistake and the group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the Rules of Procedure have not been able to take account of this .
That is why Mr Miranda quite rightly said what the vote is to be voted on , and I fully agree with him , but this is not an amendment .
These were a purely technical error from the departments .
If we are to be clear , I have seen the text of the Constitutional Trade Organisation .
The following words missing : &quot; 97 Plan Colombia is not the gateway to &quot; Plan Colombia &quot; not the gateway to the Transport Council and ...
Madam President , I just want to confirm what Mr Howitt said .
In some versions , particularly in the Portuguese and English version , the Portuguese , the Dutch and English version , where it is in the Spanish and English version , is the vote , &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; , it is wrong .
The translation of the versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new boundaries on the subject of sugar ( 1 ) and ( 2000 / 2118 ( INI ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) The vote on this report abstained from the vote on the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola , for one reason .
We do not want to take the slightest opportunity , even if it , as we know perfectly well , is that , at best , the financial contribution of the Union to fishing in waters of Ivory Coast and Angola is the most vulnerable populations of these two countries .
We are , however , opposed to the fact that we are hypocrisy of aid to these countries , or even for their people .
Even under its current terminology as &apos; aid &apos; or &apos; agreements &apos; or &apos; agreements &apos; , the African continent &apos; s membership and unfair provisions show that the African continent will continue to be used by European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0114 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on the amendment of the Community railway undertakings .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my hope that Mr Jarzembowski will have the best outcome , because he has the best outcome , thanks to freight transport throughout Europe .
I hope that Mr Jarzembowski will have good results when it comes to taking action in favour of the elderly people and the elderly .
I was really impressed by the success achieved by the Conciliation Committee .
.
( FR ) The two reports from the delegation on the development of Community railway undertakings and on the licensing of licensing undertakings will welcome the introduction of a compromise on the full opening of the railway transport market in international freight transport by the year 2008 .
This compromise will pave the way for new proposals on liberalisation , i.e. replacing other sectors , for example .
The recent tragic accidents in Britain , for example , are being identified in the United Kingdom in Germany , but in Germany , the serious effects of the privatisation of this service service .
And , once again , the gap between the road transport and the road transport movement , such as the road transport movement , is to be brought to justice by means of the liberalisation of the railways , at least that is the case .
For a long time now , it has been disastrous throughout Europe to promote the interests of private companies in all its forms of production .
It seems to me that there is apparently some parts of the world who seem to be willing to find some of the ways in which new profits will be supported by the European institutions and by national governments .
Not the people &apos; s users still have the slightest advantages of privatisation of public services .
The same applies to the workers of this sector , which are fighting for the environment , which are designed to combat the consequences of employment and working conditions for employment .
We are , of course , opposed to the fight against these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two of these reports .
In this explanation of vote , I think it is appropriate to draw attention to the obvious progress in the development of European rail systems , which , thanks to the recent outcome of the French @-@ Italian Summit in Turin , has been achieved in Turin for the construction of the ACS @-@ DE Group and the new auction system .
This decision will put forward a final the negative light in favour of the interoperability of rail transport and the shift from road to rail .
As I have said in this House , it was said that the Sharm el @-@ Sheikh project , and continues to explore , in setting up the lines of the Betuwe base / ED group , is , however , a determination to find determination that is appropriate to the development perspective of the European transport network in this century .
I would like to add that the decision of Italy and France , which has been fully supported by the European Commission , is in line with the principle of subsidiarity .
It is also good news that , after years of interest , the Commission has requested full interest to postpone the protocol to the Council for years to sign the protocol and the desire for ratification of this protocol as soon as possible .
The overall project in favour of rail transport in the north , in the Alpine region , has to be supplemented with the aim of making a clear difference in road transport , with a view to making a clear difference in road transport .
In this regard , I have already informed the Commission that the route to railway transport centres will at long last be incorporated into a single trans @-@ European transport network in the next few years .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Mont Blanc Forum , which was taken by the summer , has been negotiated by the Mont Blanc Tunnel .
The French and Italian authorities have decided with their decision to achieve international road transport in this tunnel , sense and sense .
I urge the Commission to support this decision in favour of a lack of drastic and proper reduction in transport .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have voted for the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications , housing , doctors , minerals , etc .
First of all , I was aware that this type of arrangement mainly exists in the European Union , but those who are working on the part of the European Union , but I have had to say the right habit of medical assistance , but in Belgium and Belgium , I have seen a number of differences in medicines and I have noticed that it has been pointed out .
I therefore think it would be beneficial if all people in Europe could move freely and from doctors who could have the same education .
I therefore hope that a single European airport can be created .
McNally report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have voted in favour of the report on the compulsory inspection of the information system for the purpose of using information .
I have worked my friend , the pensioners , who want to see me in Brussels on the airport , which I mean to see to Brussels that there is a saving in this directive when employees leave their offices and leave the computer in the so @-@ called state @-@ by @-@ controlled modus operandi .
Following the usefulness of this document , I was told that these pensioners had spoken at the end of the discussions : &quot; But it would not be easy for employees to be allowed to deliver the computers if they do not use the computers if they do not use them ? &quot;
I am still asking , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on 17 % and all the other substances which are such harmful to the human body because , as you know , the growth and development of the people involved in the way in which this is in contact with the people .
However , I have learned that the Finance Ministers of our Member States are not necessarily opposed to this defence system , which , as we know , will increase the development of animals so that they can grow faster .
But why are they not against this ?
Last night , I believe that a response is given to our ministers that if the growth of animals is speed up , then people will also be able to speed up the people more rapidly , so that they are not so long as they are not so long or elderly .
Mr President , I have voted for the promotion of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Japan , the Republic of Korea , Australia , and New Zealand , because that is certainly a positive element .
I hope that the future will be closer to the future , so as to enable more to improve the living conditions of the elderly in these countries .
I also hope that we will have the opportunity to address the existing environmental situation in these countries in order to see whether or not we will not refer to a few suggestions in order to improve the level of life of the elderly in our European Union .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for several reasons .
Firstly , there is no lack of legal framework for projects .
This is right because it does not fall within the scope of the EU .
The cooperation of the Member States is this in order to make a certain instrument without EU jurisdiction , unless Member States are responsible for this .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur have a legal basis in terms of articles pertaining to articles World Trade and 308 .
The Commission is not explicit in specific terms to which activities governed by Article 308 and which are under Article 308 , are still pending .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes a single budget line .
However , the funds for multiannual programmes and large @-@ scale projects are not desirable because the Commission should not have a independent policy for the partner states .
In addition , the Commission has promised to operate more effectively by imposing less tasks .
The Commission must represent the EU Member States in the WTO .
The aim of this is to make its contribution in the coordination of Member States &apos; activities .
So , in order to deepen and enlargement , it is not .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , the impact on developing countries and sub @-@ border certification .
For this reason , a more pan @-@ step trade policy is not appropriate .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report , we consider that we do not consider the Commission &apos; s proposal to improve the Commission &apos; s proposal .
That is why we abstained from voting .
Muscardini report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy created by the European Council for relations with the countries of the Mediterranean .
My own country is a fascinating one .
I therefore think it is essential that the European Union should pay more attention to the neighbouring countries in the south , which are only by the sea .
In the future , I propose that we propose the regulation to be responsible for this policy in the future , to extend the regulation to include all workers in the southern Mediterranean Member States , so that they can be extended to the countries of the European Union .
Many of the workers in the Mediterranean countries are working in Europe , and I think it is fair to take part in the merits of a single pension .
The Barcelona Process aroused the hopes for relations between the European Union and twelve countries of the Mediterranean .
Hopefully , however , that this instrument has proved inadequate .
For political reasons , and the complicated peace process in the Middle East is an important reason , but not the only one .
As a priority for change , the report calls for simplifying and flexible implementation of the MEDA programme and the extension of measures to develop the development of Mediterranean countries .
In view of the fact that the most important importance of the Mediterranean area for the European Union has , however , decided to be a common strategy for the European Union in time .
I hope that this time the political will will be more emphasis on the political will so that cooperation between the Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean countries are handled in this way .
It is not , of course , as an area of the Nordic dimension , but because it is a path that will be opened in the context of this cooperation and to prevent Europe from becoming a centre .
Moreover , the demand is increasing today to make the European Union more competitive in the sea and the following step could be very good ...
I would like to say one word to the rapporteur , my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini .
I have followed the process of work on this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
The upshot of illegal Muscardini &apos; s work has been completely justified by all those who have supported their reporting as rapporteur from the outset , because her report received only one vote against them and there was no abstention .
In any event , we can appreciate the value of the main value which the document has worked and developed .
It was , of course , their duty to make it a duty , but the European Parliament recognises this by an overwhelming majority in plenary by an overwhelming majority .
I should therefore like to congratulate my colleague and friend my friend , Mrs Muscardini , and our congratulations .
Naïr report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the enhanced Barcelona process proposed in this report .
That is a logical consequence of my previous explanation of vote .
In my opinion , the Mediterranean countries like Turkey , like Turkey .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but it should also be examined by the possibility of an EU accession to Mediterranean countries .
I see this as two sides of the same coin .
I congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
It is true that his report on the Barcelona process is quite comprehensive , so I will only touch on some of the points I will be exploring .
First of all , I should like to point out that the Commission &apos; s communication &apos; enhanced the Barcelona process &apos; has been following a dual target : the Barcelona process has been drawn up and recommendations in relation to the ministerial @-@ year conference of Marseilles ( November 2000 ) .
To be honest , it is quite plain .
The three areas of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , namely policy and security , social security , human and human relations , only the latter , was a transposition of decisions .
And here too we are still happy to do things .
In this area , there is one trait : while our partners will require opening up their markets in sectors where we are most competitive , on the other hand , the EU &apos; s non @-@ European Union policy on agricultural products will lead to negative levels of taxation for these countries .
As the rapporteur says , we want to create a &quot; free trade area in accordance with the terms set by Europe .
This attitude is totally irresponsible .
Let us not be so hypocritical as we wanted to create a region of common prosperity .
The low importance of the European Union &apos; s summit in the context of the enlargement of the European Union has to be explicitly denounced .
This is an excellent report because the Union has an interest in promoting sustainable economic and social development and the political stability of this on the other side of the Mediterranean , the world of Europe .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean Partnership must be urgently enhanced .
The rapporteur is proposing several possibilities for this .
For my part , I would recommend a more rigorous approach to the political stage .
The new international thinking is undoubtedly an opportunity to do so .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution of the conflict in the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means the right to security for Israel and all the other countries of the region , and recognition of the legitimate right of the Palestinian people to live in a viable and internationally recognised state , and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean charter must be adopted as quickly as possible .
The European Union must also promote more financial resources and human resources and promote interregional cooperation and the involvement of civil society .
As an interim point of view , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Swedish Presidency intends to draw attention to the Barcelona process in accordance with the Barcelona process .
Hopefully , we can only hope that they will be translated into practice quickly .
That is why I voted for the motion for a resolution .
It is regrettable that human rights and their practical implementation should not be taken into account in the Barcelona process .
This is why I voted for a number of amendments , partly for Amendments Nos 1 ( 4 ) .
As a member of the Swedish Christian Democrat Christian Democrats , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian minority in Egypt because they are being treated in their own country as individuals second @-@ class citizens .
It is regrettable that the Community &apos; s marginalisation of Christian Lebanon is also in Lebanon .
I am convinced that , in addition to the economic and monetary issues , the protection of ethnic , religious and cultural minorities in the Mediterranean countries is a prerequisite for further progress in the Barcelona process .
. ( FR ) The report on the European Union &apos; s Mediterranean policy is somewhat vague .
This does not allow us to establish the actual conditions for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
Although the rapporteur may be able to agree in the same way that human rights and fundamental freedoms must be respected , however , the report is problematic when it comes to handling the other social issues .
Firstly , the report supports the Commission &apos; s project , which advocates free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which says : &quot; replaced the restructuring of the economic policies of the Mediterranean partners and to implement structural reforms &quot; , which are crucial to compete on the markets in markets . &quot;
The central issue of external debt will be dealt with in the report solely in the context of a &quot; eco @-@ State &quot; , whereas the European governments need to adopt a completely minimum approach .
On migrants , in the Naïr report , the Naïr , which spoke about migratory flows and illegal immigration , is taking place in a restrictive position .
Women and women have never stopped borders by frontiers .
As a illegal immigrants , it would serve to serve the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must have the will to open the borders .
At the end of the day , while the right of the Palestinian people is recognised by the rapporteur , the right requirements are recognised by the rapporteur , namely the legitimate demands , namely the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees .
For these reasons , I did not vote for this report .
Resolution on the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of Colombia in favour of Colombia , but it is only because of the fight against drug trafficking , which leads to the pretext of trafficking in drug trafficking , that most of whom are most of the benefit of rural groups is the most important part of the world .
The main objective of this intervention is to facilitate the exploitation of capitalist groups using the exploitation of the environment .
We are opposed to the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as we also have the British intervention in Sierra Leone , and the direct or indirect activities of France in Rwanda , in Congo or Vietnam .
We are also talking about the plans for the privatisation of more important sectors of the Colombian economy and against the way in which the people of the population are treated as the reduction of the population .
As you know , the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is , in the first place , to create the appropriate conditions for investment in the field of lax powers .
In short , we are opposed to any repression and displaced people in the people of the people which we have voted on .
- ( FR ) The UN Plan Plan was totally differentiated in other words without any consultation of the different social and political participants and without the consent of the Colombian Congress .
The prohibition of drug trafficking is nothing more than an extremely dangerous solution , which proposes small producers to criminalise their crops by means of the people and the environment of dangerous breeding and the environment , and they are therefore forced to leave those who are forced to leave them .
With his motion for a resolution on the support of the peace process in Colombia , the Committee on Development and Cooperation , along with its motion for a resolution , has led to the urgent logic of the Beijing Plan .
The proposed reform mission , the support of the peace process with the neighbouring countries , can only be supported .
The funds allocated by the European Union should , however , be monitored in order to ensure that it does not use any repressive purpose .
The first step towards peace can only exist in the condemnation of paramilitary groups and the incorporation of dialogue with the floods and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and the real drug trafficking , measures must be made : effective and effective preventing money from road traffic and the introduction of tax flows to capital , which would allow us to respond to the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I asked why Mr Fatuzzo has nothing to do with this .
I would have thought that he had a minute .
We do not have a statement on how he voted in relation to the Beijing plan .
If you were not able to explain , Mr President , it is not possible , Mr President , to ask him what he voted for , because it is important for us to know .
Yes , I know that every Member can make a statement to his vote , and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to make a statement on a specific vote : &quot; no explanation &quot; .
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0114 / 2000 )
Denmark makes a legal reservation , which means that we do not give the EU any powers to jurisdiction .
The cross @-@ border crime is , however , a very serious problem which makes the Member States redundant .
I have chosen to vote in favour of this report and to vote in favour of Amendment No 5 on the part of the EU &apos; s common public prosecutor &apos; s general representatives , because we have not witnessed a large number of foreign flags in the European Union over the past couple of years , which we cannot afford to do with our traditional counterparts and our national legislation .
We have never done so on a massive scale , with cynicism and tributyl , such as drug smuggling , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , money laundering , money laundering and citizens .
Because Denmark has a very delicate effect on criminals , there is a migration of the lowest opposition .
The majority of our politicians do not want to grasp the truth and attempts to ensure that international conventions prevent our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary in order to safeguard law and order in Denmark .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners in order to give more power to power than criminals .
The British Labour Party of the Party of European Socialists vote in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are comments on certain possible points .
We are against the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office in this text ( paragraph 5 ) .
The resolution seeks to apply this body to the Member States &apos; customs powers , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation that has been carried out in the report .
It is debatable whether or not it is legally binding that such a body of national legal decisions should be taken away , and the legal independence of the Member States should be retained .
Furthermore , a number of unclear @-@ guessing disputes could lead to legal confusion , for example , paragraph 9 on the Member States and the demand to extend the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice to judgements on instruments which have been decided outside the EU .
Finally , the United Kingdom &apos; s cooperation in criminal matters is concerned , but there are reservations about the reference to &apos; harmonisation of criminal law &apos; in paragraph 13 which proposes that Member States have criminal law within the EU .
This may be desirable in some areas , but cooperation in criminal matters should be limited to the exchange of information and coordination between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , unless it is beneficial , but not in general terms .
.
( EL ) The rapporteur &apos; s motion for a resolution by the rapporteur is the real need for dealing with organised crime , the pretext for improving state and intergovernmental expansion and , as well as any form of national sovereignty .
All this is happening on behalf of the so @-@ called &quot; area of freedom , security and justice , as planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and in the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
We must only add : &quot; For the new world @-@ EMU era &quot; .
As far as the people of Europe are concerned , there is a little room for manoeuvre in the area of &apos; freedom , insecurity and prosperity &apos; .
This is also illustrated by the fact that the so @-@ called terrorism , as well as the authors of the relevant texts , will understand the relevant texts , which are understandable for understandable reasons , before it is not intended to take recourse to criminal crimes in the fight against organised crime .
On the one hand , they want to combat any form of political opposition , the fight against the electoral process and the fight against the electoral process and the fight against their decisions , on the other hand , and try to make the actions taken to be thrown into force .
But who is talking about uncontrolled crimes and terrorism ?
Is the flow of drugs in the people of Yugoslavia , and the poisoning caused by the civilian population of the European Union , and the pollution of the population of the European Union , do not have an organised offence for this type of crime ?
Can it be possible for action to suppress the demonstrations in Prague , Nice and recently in anticipation of the demonstrations ?
How are this brutal attacks on farmers , pensioners and more generally the popular movement in Greece and the other EU countries ?
We too are in favour of combating organised crime .
This cannot , however , be done with the forces to fight against the movement of the grass @-@ roots movement , such as the EU &apos; s fight against the fight against the grass @-@ roots movement , as well as those responsible for dealing with organised crime , with political bodies and individuals , for example .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution is a further contribution to creating the right to reduce rights and freedoms of the people , and it is deeply appreciated for national sovereignty to complete the &quot; right of new order &quot; and is dangerous to the people of Europe .
The ELDR Group voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we want to see a more effective and effective fight against organised crime within the EU by means of the EU &apos; s ability to create national criminal systems .
However , we are against paragraph 5 that the Union is calling for a public prosecutor &apos; s office , which is legally binding on the whole territory of the Member States , which means that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s office will replace the national public prosecutor &apos; s office .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , but it is not replaced by the national authorities .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) , if it means to harmonise national definitions of gross crime if they do not make use of the laws , but we assume that this is not the harmonisation of all the national legal systems .
With regard to paragraph 8 , we voted for a sensible reduction in the transfer system in the event of important cross @-@ border cooperation between experts such as judges or investigating magistrates for example .
In our opinion , although we voted in favour of paragraph 9 , the proposal for sanctions contained in the framework of normal intergovernmental procedures .
There is no possibility that there should be agreed on , as the case of the Community , when it comes to the jurisdiction of the Community .
The motion for a resolution calls for the European Parliament to reform the Treaty on the European Union to ensure that Member States comply with the commitments identified by European legislation in this area .
Not only is Parliament &apos; s instruments , but also the instruments of the Council of Europe , but also the instruments of the Council of Europe , but it is also very difficult to implement it , but it is also extremely difficult to implement it and would be a dangerous precedent which would ensure that there is much confusion in the future .
The idea of sanctions against those Member States which does not fulfil the requests for implementing legal assistance in the field of legal assistance is in stark contradiction with the instruments adopted in the Title XIII of the Treaty on European Union .
A disturbing way of dealing with international partners in the EU is a disturbing development , which can be seen a drift in the bounds of a Europe of justice to a Europe of the law .
Finally , I would like to say to the rapporteur and all other Members that the first two points of the explanatory statement in the explanatory statement have been no longer relevant since the law of 8 August last year .
O report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why we were delighted to see these amendments positive .
We are talking about both paragraphs 11 and 13 in recital , which , in the final analysis , constitute a further important recital , and the sensitive points paragraph 7 and paragraph 3 which we have in all respects .
Paragraph 7 refers to the wish , but a legal framework for the problems that will arise on this new market .
That was actually the main reason for this initiative initiative .
Why ?
The paragraph 12 calls for the inclusion of the idea of assessing a specific distribution of data which could be carried out by assessment .
This is a problem which would be totally exclude all existing policies .
This paragraph No 12 is not in any way acceptable to paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 calls for the existing water companies which are books for books , such as libraries for some institutions , such as libraries etc. on the new e @-@ market market .
There is no contradiction .
On the contrary , this could be important steps for the future , for this new market and for the elderly .
That is why the Greens voted in favour .
Mr President , I voted for the report on electronic commerce which I have read very carefully , which I have read on how I could support this amendment .
I did not think that , when I am in the evening , when I read my wife , the person who ran out of a book , it is clear that it is the right of my vote to promote this interesting and devastating effect .
So I have asked : Why do we not do so in favour of the manufacture of an electronic environment which cannot be read , on which they cannot read or read them ?
With such a kind of organisation , they can learn and read those who are , alas , like a disability , such as those who are afraid , and I would like to hear these stories or listen to them . &quot;
.
( PT ) We have voted in favour of the report , as we consider that it is an important subject and stresses that it is important to maintain and improve the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe , and to strengthen and improve the public &apos; s cultural and linguistic diversity and to reinforce the knowledge and knowledge of the public as a result of this objective .
It is also important that we promote the fight against grazing education and awareness of public opinion for the importance of books and the electronic perception of public opinion , which will guarantee better protection for the welfare and rights of property rights , particularly the law of authors .
We must ensure that the electronic environment can take full account of this important area and that this important area can be developed in addition to the traditional defence networks , so that both regions can exist side side .
I welcome the emphasis on the linguistic and cultural diversity of the report as well as the crucial contribution to cultural development in the different European regions .
In view of this expression of linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the references made in the report are also covered by all languages in the report .
E467 is extremely important for books , for which there are limited demand , and this category applies in less vague languages .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take this into account when it deals with this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , 1 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda , as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents during the meeting of Friday , 8 February pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
On Monday , Tuesday , Tuesday and Wednesday I have received an amendment , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott has asked me to speak .
Madam President , I would like to comment on the draft regulation on European political parties .
At the last plenary session in Strasbourg , the Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter .
At the end of the day , it has not done so , and I have the impression that the Commission has now expressed an opinion on financing European political parties .
This is particularly sensitive , particularly as this Parliament is members of a number of parties who may find themselves in favour of such funding , even if they were in favour of it .
Could you please ask the Commission to make a statement on this matter at some point ?
Secondly , since we deal with the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that , although the European Parliament has been planned for 2001 , there is no resolution on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
This is particularly important because the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains approximately 200 measures which Parliament is discussing , but which will not be adopted .
This is unacceptable .
It should be a motion for a resolution , especially because we are obliged to monitor the work of the Commission carefully .
Finally , I would like to say that we should have the work programme , which does not concern the Commission alone , in the work programme for the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , the fact that there is no motion for a resolution is that the Conference of Presidents has taken the view that there is no need for this .
Madam President , may I be mistaken , but I think it really is intended to adopt a resolution .
First of all , we should pass on the work programme which has been undertaken by the competent parliamentary committees before we produce a motion for a resolution which allows the various committees to adopt their position .
I understand that this is the case : it will be a resolution , but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox has agreed about .
For this reason , it is not serious to table a resolution which contains all these points , and the procedure agreed that the relevant committees will be able to examine the resolution in the resolution , and it would be normal to vote on the table in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , it may be an interesting reference to the future , but the Commission and Parliament are at the moment .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
We will therefore proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , on your second question , there is no Commission communication on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to raise this issue on the agenda , we could ask the Commission , for example , to make a statement on Thursday evening .
Madam President , thank you very much for that very helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , not many of us will be here on Thursday evening .
It would be useful if the Commission were to take this into account tomorrow , and this morning , in its statement on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , or on the work programme of the Commission and Parliament .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , to the Commission , on the oral question on the electoral situation in Ireland and France .
Madam President , this request for two reasons is from a parliamentary and political policy .
The parliamentary reason is in the work of the committees in this Parliament .
At present , the review of all the Stability and Growth Ministers , as well as the substantial improvement of the broad economic policy guidelines , is an investigation into the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which , if I am mistaken , is intended to present his report in April .
This issue , therefore , is an anti @-@ fascist affair .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The problem raised by the PPE @-@ DE Group was incorporated in the Conference of Presidents .
As the matter of the Conference of Presidents , France has been accused of this .
And if we were to take into consideration the aspirations of the relations between the parties involved and the opposition parties and the opposition parties , then the debate on Thursday will not be at a nice time , at a very nice time - with the fifteen Member States .
For this reason , we believe it would be appropriate for Parliament to adhere to its rules and , in accordance with the logic , that we have reached .
Madam President , it is clear that Mr Barón Crespo is going to revise a decision by the Conference of Presidents .
That is completely acceptable and legitimate , and I would also like to make it a different question .
However , I hope that he will not get a majority , because this issue is not a breach of parliamentary procedures , but we want information from the Commission .
This will not jeopardise the progress of normal work in the committee &apos; s veterinary committee .
But we now want to see an information from the Commission at this stage .
Moreover , the discussions in the Council of Ministers continue to go further and why we do not want to discuss the issue of this issue , especially given that we are not taking any decision on this question - and I would ask everyone to consider this question .
After all , we will not adopt a resolution , but it will be written .
Apart from that , Mr Barón Crespo knows that , the debate in the Conference of Presidents has been developed .
Mr Wurtz has tabled a discussion - and we are not constantly in a coalition , and we are not constantly in a coalition , but the Group of the European Parliament , and our group , should not take it ?
There is no doubt that we do not dispute anybody from this oral question and I would therefore ask that we be able to discuss this in accordance with this oral question .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question on our agenda , so no statement or against this .
This question is addressed - both in parliamentary and political terms , albeit in both parliamentary and political terms .
If the Commission , or in more precise terms , does it mean that this week , the Council will not be as early as possible , as many as possible , and at a time when it is possible to inform the House about this situation and on the response of the House ?
If the European Parliament is to hold a debate for Thursday at 5.30 p.m. , it is really the case that a debate should be held at 5.30 p.m. , a time when the debate could be held at 5.30 p.m. on Thursday in the part of the session in the part of the part @-@ session in the January part @-@ session .
Therefore , if we are to ask the Commission and , of course , do we not ask the Council to express its opinion on this matter this week , so that we can deal appropriately with this point ?
I am afraid that the Thursday evening is not an ideal time for this .
Madam President , I would like to make it all the more important to comment on the statements made by Mr Poettering .
So I would like to clarify what is happening here .
I am not aware of Mr Poettering &apos; s essence , or Mr von Wogau , who made this request , and I would ask a different question for my part .
I think that this debate is indeed appropriate because it is the first time that the Commission is able to act in the case of the Treaties . It is the first time that the Commission should be able to act with a view to the requirements of a recommendation , with reference to the requirements of a recommendation .
In other words , Ireland is very firmly committed to the fact that France is being used to have part of the growth of growth in part , more or more for social concerns .
In my opinion , this is a political issue which deserves attention .
In fact , we have not insisted that a resolution will be adopted at the end of this debate in order to give the competent institutions the opportunity to do what they do , but I think it is appropriate to discuss this issue .
I would just like to say to Mr Cox that he can only take note of his contribution that the Commissioner , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to arrive at 5.30 p.m. on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
I do not in any way doubt that the honourable Member will be able to follow up the same point , provided that it will be maintained .
We are still listening to Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath because the Rules of Procedure have tabled the motion , apart from the speakers of the Group who have tabled the motion , one other speaker hear .
This is a very demanding process which makes it necessary to carry out very careful political evaluation .
That is why , Mr Poettering , we need all information , but the information we obtain , but the information that we have received are , above all , in the written reports , and I believe that this House would be well advised to make a contribution to this work .
I would like to remind you of what great problems we have in the stability and Growth Pact and that there have been major doubts about whether investments should be made in education in the balance of production processes .
The Group of the Party of European Socialists was not only members of the PSE Group , but also the PPE @-@ DE Group .
I would therefore advocate that we do not have a debate which , of course , has to take place during the debate , but that we do work in the committees .
We have discussed Mr Solbes in committee , we will be discussing this and have the opportunity to give us the opportunity to give our rapporteur the support of the rapporteur in plenary .
I shall now proceed to the request that the agenda be taken to vote .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That is the agenda for this part @-@ session , and the agenda of the next part @-@ session in Brussels , and we can now move on to the negotiating situation .
Madam President , I would like to inform the House of the information that has been undertaken in preparing the agenda for discussions .
The PPE @-@ DE Group and a number of others have , of course , been asked to discuss this issue this week .
This was unfortunately rejected by the Conference of Presidents .
However , we have had to submit an opposition to the agenda , since we have been informed that some groups are in principle a matter for discussion here in the European Parliament , but perhaps a different time .
We would therefore like to see a dialogue with these other groups , because we are not against discussions and talks but we want discussions .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Vachetta , did not have the discussion and rejected an invitation to him .
But this is not to prevent us with the other groups in dialogue and perhaps make a request for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to make this point clear because there are many issues discussed in this connection .
Madam President , I would just like to say a few words on the transfer of Mr Liese , Minister @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , who did not want to address the debate on electoral issues .
That goes without saying .
The Dutch Government , and all Dutch Members here , are ready to engage in an open and honest debate on the facts , but not on words and remarks which are hard to deal with the border .
We will give you these information .
I understand that the Dutch Government is willing to receive information or a discussion in the Netherlands , to receive information or debate in the Netherlands , but unfortunately he did not allow Minister escape Minister to be here in this week .
Madam President , I would like to point out , Mr Liese , that we are all familiar with the utmost governance .
After all , some political groups have indeed been organised in a hearing and Mrs Vachetta has been able to make the wish of a number of groups in accordance with this law .
If Mrs Lindgren cannot accept an invitation , you must be told whether they cannot come to a second time .
There is also no interpretation of words .
In any event , I think it is extremely helpful and also for the fact that the Dutch Minister for Public Health and Consumer Policy should be unambiguous for the Members of the European Parliament because our Group is extremely concerned about the fact that our group is particularly concerned about the Dutch defence code .
Madam President , I think that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party is reasonable , on the topical and urgent subjects of major importance , on the topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have spent 20 years on a very good and well @-@ balanced social debate , and that , of course , we will never have a place on a Thursday afternoon in such a small debate , of course .
Let us think of these things .
There is also something else .
We are talking about subsidiarity in this House .
This is a question of national criminal law which has the Dutch Parliament to decide .
We should also take the concept of subsidiarity here in this House too .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga said , I am surprised that the Group of the Party of European Socialists is the best way of debating the laws of the Member States in the Member States .
In the UK , the Conservatives were very quick to condemn European defence policy as a kind of interference in national matters and a violation of the principle of subsidiarity .
They will certainly be heard on this subject during the next few weeks and months before the general elections in Great Britain .
I think it is extremely extraordinary that they have used the issue of influencing the issue of traffic in a Member State at European level and that is the case for the forthcoming election campaign .
Madam President , it is said that this question has been done with subsidiarity .
It is indeed up to the countries themselves to impose legislation .
But the question here is whether the anti @-@ European and international Treaties contravenes European and international treaties .
We have no doubt about this concern and it is our duty to discuss this issue and its cross @-@ border dimension .
This is , therefore , what we respect , regardless of the subsidiarity principle .
Mrs van der Laan , I can say that I am able to read Mrs Thorning @-@ Mathies &apos; s reply on behalf of my colleague , as I am advised to see it .
You can understand to be serious about it , but the final thing was that the Minister for Health Minister is not a right decision to speak here .
We are surprised that Parliament does not consider the appropriate place to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am very surprised that a honourable Member &apos; s question concerns the question of subsidiarity as a matter of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud of the fact that there is no place for the death penalty in any Member State of the European Union because the safe human life of human life is something we all want to combine .
Madam President , briefly to the statement made by Baroness Ludford on the question of whether there should be a debate on the electoral system , I think it is absolutely reasonable that Parliament has debated it .
Personally , I would like to recommend that there should be no vote at the end of such a debate , and my delegation will be standing in favour of a free vote , as it is a matter of urgency .
I would like to make it clear to the Minutes that my delegation in the PPE Group has not taken a stance on this matter .
However , with regard to Baroness Ludford &apos; s statement , I would like to say that I would like to see a form of political responsibility .
Madam President , it is clear that we all look at the question of life and death , and we are also confronted with our personal life and our family , which is an appalling death which is an appalling death .
We should , therefore , have the courage to highlight the courage to embrace these issues : both parties with different views on ethical principles .
This is not a party to the legitimate legal principles alone , and there is no party , the Liberals , the Greens and the socialists , under the headline violation of human rights .
If we want to find a serious discussion , we are trying to discuss an open discussion , and this is a matter for which we do not want the issue of subsidiarity .
Firstly , it is a question of extending respect for something which is extremely concerned with all of us .
The nature of the PPE @-@ DE Group in the last few weeks , the tone which she presented and the headline , which she presented and the title of the &quot; human rights &quot; .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wishes to address a discussion , he can do this , but not from one position , then he must call on people to hold a public debate .
We are ready , however , to participate in a normal party political attack , which has a very important role to play in the Dutch party and , as such , in a different position , with respect for the opinions of others , with respect for the opinions of others , but in a manner which can be used as a whole to say that society is extremely reticent about this .
I would also like to ask Members who have a different view of this debate .
So we are in favour of a debate which , in our opinion , should be carried out properly , but the possibility of studying a whole range of professional experts and moral experts , since we believe that a whole series of experts will be in a ethical context .
I do not believe that this is just a debate in the Netherlands , but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate is a great deal of time and has still not been resolved by today , although it has been modified several months .
Therefore , if such a debate is to be held here , then it must lead to a serious and efficient way of doing this .
Madam President , I fully support the debate on the electoral committee in this Parliament .
However , I would like to take this opportunity to say that many people in my constituency are deeply concerned that a Member of the European Commission , together with a Swedish Minister , has condemned the measures taken by the new United Kingdom Government , on behalf of the European Union , to condemn the financial support of regional bodies for family planning , which must be provided in less developed countries .
As far as subsidiarity is concerned , there is a drug in Ireland illegally , and we are opposed to the European Union , as well as the European Union , that money will be used for purposes of transmission purposes .
On the contrary , we in Parliament are in favour of ensuring that abortion should never be used as a means of family planning and not to support this objective .
At the Conference in Cairo and the World Conference on Women , Women was held in Beijing .
I therefore wonder why a Commissioner who is in a way that has already been negotiated with regard to the agreements which have already been signed , and how it will have to do so on behalf of my own country , will be denied subsidiarity .
Madam President , a few weeks ago in a plenary session on this issue , the southern Spain , in particular , has been found in Spain , twelve 000 African countries , which have been over a period of time for a long time next week and there are still young people including pregnant people , including pregnant people .
I could send you to teach you who were published in the Spanish press so that you can see the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , and I come to the end , we believe that in Europe , we believe that there is a great deal of hypocrisy , all hell and the United States of America and the United States of America and the United States of America , in fact , in the face of Spain and the United States of America .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene in the Spanish Government and to recognise this problem as a European recognise .
We must not be blind to this serious problem .
That is why I would like to add to Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this awful human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication on your colleague , Caroline Lucas .
She was arrested this morning at 5.00 p.m. when she was in Scotland in a demonstration against a Corsican attended .
She uses her presence that in many court rulings , which have been said in recent times , that such weapons have been violated against international law .
As a Member of the European Parliament , it should not be allowed to be arrested while it is travelling to Parliament , and we ask you to take action on this matter .
In fact , the immunity of a Members or a Member can only be lifted once Parliament has debated the matter , and if we are discussing it , Parliament should express its opinion on whether nuclear weapons do not contravene international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we are going to deal closely with the situation of this fellow Member .
Madam President , I would like to comment on Mrs Hautala &apos; s statement that she has been arrested for this plenary session today .
It seems to me unusual that she was arrested on their path to this day , but it was the south @-@ east of England , while their arrest in excess of 800 800 kilometres continue .
Instead of the British government , who may be arrested for whatever reasons , Mrs Lucas , who should be arrested for whatever reasons , should give me a German and number of recommendations of our team .
Madam President , I would like to give the floor to the same point that the British Government in the face of arrests is totally lacking .
At the same time , a number of Members of the Scottish Executive , a number of Members of the Scottish Executive , and several other people who were in the middle of the UK , were in favour of a arrest in the UK .
In connection with the Members of the European Parliament , we have applied the same laws and , together with others .
I hope that they will be equipped with a reasonable period of time in order to preserve them in future .
Madam President , I am against these rather extreme remarks from Mr Balfe .
The Scottish right is authorised to keep people in such a long way as a form of control .
The arrests made at Faslane today are in line with current law and I am sure that the victims concerned will be released immediately .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given the opportunity to comment on whether their immunity will also apply to this case , provided that there are serious doubts about the legality of weapons of weapons on nuclear soil , as they have already been mentioned from the Scottish courts .
Madam President , I do not know whether it is the case that the rules of this debate meet , but I feel that I am sorry to express my solidarity with incalculable Lucas , with incalculable Lucas and their actions .
In fact , Caroline Lucas , the law is perhaps breach of the law , but , above all , I believe that the law is not complied with in a daily way , especially because Günter Lucas participated in a demonstration of weapons which are harmful to us all and are dangerous to us .
I thank you , Caroline Lucas and other women who have been arrested .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank you for the fact that the plane of Amsterdam to Strasbourg will be flown this morning and go on on time .
I think that you are committed to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
However , I would like to say something more well .
I have already raised the European Commission on 10 November questions to the public operators in the Netherlands .
This was a three months ago .
I still have no response to these questions .
Now this is a very sensitive issue and I can therefore understand that it is very difficult for Commissioner Monti to answer the auctions , but the auctions will be held at the summer of this year .
I would therefore like to answer my question during this or the next week .
I have already informed the competent departments , but still has nothing to happen .
Perhaps you will be used for me .
I would like to help you , but I have taken note of the fact that the Commission has taken note of your speech and will certainly have positive consequences .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who came to the bottom of the Olympic Games have been waiting for 45 minutes to wait for a vehicle who was sent to Strasbourg to a vehicle , and then - alongside the Italian colleagues who have two hours there - will have two hours - two hours to get to Strasbourg .
It is quite unacceptable that Members of Parliament are treated more badly than cows or swine after European regulations .
I would also like to say that Minister Moscovici has informed me that the Lisbon Summit was going to Strasbourg two years to Strasbourg , but the Air France in Lisbon will not be the case .
Who is now higher than the French Government or the French airline ?
We shall look carefully at this .
Madam President , we would like to thank the Air France for the implementation of the forthcoming Amsterdam Amsterdam process , but I would like to say that we had probably been due to the Copenhagen Strasbourg flight .
So this time was a death of the other bread .
Madam President , I would ask you , Madam President , to consider whether the Air France has not been sufficiently equipped with the fact that the outcome of the Copenhagen Summit was justified with &quot; ultra @-@ terrorist &quot; .
I think that there will be very clear improvements in the next few weeks .
I would just like to very briefly welcome a new Member of the European Parliament , Mr Wilson , who , as you all have done , welcome the Commission and , as you all have done , I would like to welcome his work .
So we welcome this House .
Madam President , I would just ask you to pay attention .
At the top of the day we are talking about 30 people .
But if anybody wishes to speak on this side , you will never hear that .
Mrs Flemming was speaking at the beginning .
I just wanted to ask that speeches be made on the home side of the House .
We take account of all the parties involved in this House , Mrs Schleicher .
But perhaps you are not aware that requests for the procedure are only after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a rule which I think was very well received .
She was asked for a number of Members and I was asked for a general agreement .
In other words , the proposals for the procedure will now be adopted after the adoption of the agenda .
You will not fail to fail to have a lot of speeches to this effect .
However , since I do not know this , I shall put the floor to the honourable Members very much .
Madam President , I should like to inform both you and the whole of the House that a delegation from members of foreign nationals in Brussels last week was visit .
In the contacts with the political groups , they have made reference to the fate of a clear humanitarian point of view .
In fact , 27 years after 1974 , there are still many of the people who are unclear , whose fate is unclear .
The people of these people undoubtedly have the right to know what you have done .
As the efforts , even with intervention by the United Nations , have not been used , I would like to ask whether or not the European Parliament can use the solution to this problem .
Madam President , would you be so kind as to send an early message from my own constituency in Brussels to visitors from my own constituency who was second ?
I know that a fellow @-@ countryman fellow Members have gone out of a Frenchman .
His expectations were very civilised .
I and many others would be very grateful if you would like to congratulate them on our behalf .
Request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to remove the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been punished by the complicity of a police force , which will be prosecuted following the Portuguese criminal code of 1982 and after the law of 1990 .
This procedure was a demonstration of the type of trade practice of a private company which has been broadcast on 16 February 1995 , which has been broadcast on 16 February 1995 , which Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been told .
It has been claimed that the Agency should not be sufficient for serious and serious fees to be found at all costs .
The Agency tabled by Mr Ribeiro e Castro and other forms of payment from other forms of electric fraud is one and more respectable compensation .
parliamentary immunity is not the honour of a Member of the European Parliament but also the independence of Parliament and its members to other authorities .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market believes that the waiver of parliamentary immunity by the Members of Parliament does not have any legal basis .
The case of February 1995 was dated back in May 2000 and the mandate made by Mr Ribeiro e Castro began on 17 November 1999 when he began to replace his successor to Mr Parish .
A great deal of time is passed between the crime of crime and the report , and this Parliament has always recognised the immunity of freedom of expression and , in such cases , this Parliament has always recognised the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro who has asked for this decision .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs recommends Articles 6 and 6 of the Rules of Procedure to the European Parliament and examine the reasons for the waiver of immunity , the parliamentary immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised to see that some Members of the European Parliament have been arrested in the area of a Member State of the European Union , and I think that this is a very serious issue , and I believe that this is a very serious issue which we have just debated and which we have been discussing for a long time in the Legal Affairs Committee .
But the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market suggests that the parliamentary immunity of Mr José e Castro is not waived .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties , on the content of the Treaties and on some of the principles that have been made .
On this basis , the Legal Affairs Committee is calling for Parliament to approve Mr Zimeray &apos; s report .
However , I cannot fail to highlight the issue of two problems which I would like to highlight , and I repeat this Parliament and all Members of Parliament .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern at the time of the European Community , as Members of this Parliament have been members of the national parliaments , are clear about the context of national immunity .
It must be recognised , however , that the European Parliament today has an extremely remarkable role to play in the institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full independence towards the Member States .
Mr President , I would not like to ask myself or later in any other country to ask for political asylum in any other country to ask for political asylum , but I believe that the communication on the arrest of a woman in Scotland is considered to be clear information from a competent authority .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
unloading and unloading @-@ related activities
The next item is the report by Mr van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive by the European Parliament and the Council on the proposal for a directive on the specific loading and harmonised Rules of Procedure for short @-@ term appraisal and unloading principles ( COM ( 2000 ) , C5 @-@ 0254 / 2000 - 2000 / Myanmar ( 2000 / Nordic ) .
Mr President , the accident caused by the oil tanker Erika off the French coast before the French coastline has now been very serious .
The second type of transport is less attention to the public and the policy , namely the transportation of housing , particularly coal and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a disaster of this category is small , but there is much more emphasis on death .
Let us look more closely at the accidents : 146 is mounting in the last ten years , which is drowning in the last ten years .
Of these vehicles , 69 % were over 15 years .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
Firstly , the failure of the owners and the second , the poor physical constitution of vessels .
It is a threat to double @-@ hulled immigrants which are due to negligence due to false weather .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Maritime Organisation , the IMO , has developed the confiscated and enforceable code of conduct and voluntary practice .
This puts forward both a re @-@ economic and civil sign which applies to the maintenance of the shop and the shop system .
The IMO is calling for all its countries to be in a desperate way in order to apply these eco @-@ labelling systems to apply to their territory .
With the proposal for a directive , the Commission wishes to give this call to listen to the Member States .
It is the product @-@ sharing code , with some changes to the Community legislation .
First of all , the main points of view of a representative of the Transport Council , and secondly , is the establishment of a supplementary policy and third @-@ country nationals in the event of differences between the ship and the Member States .
Furthermore , the Commission is proposing to draw up a declaration on the so @-@ called &quot; voluntary code for ships &quot; for ships - that is to say a more binding declaration for ships .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers this Commission proposal in the right direction .
It will not be possible to prevent all accidents because the major damage often falls outside the European Union .
Nevertheless , the sector makes a boost , a responsible and thorough approach and thus prevent unnecessary delay .
This is precisely because the problem , as the sector , and the sector , is an international solution .
We therefore support the adoption of the eco @-@ regulatory code within the Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive has continued to be established as close as possible to the voluntary code of conduct in order to prevent distortions of competition between EU Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it can be improved in certain points .
In view of the major number of victims , I would like to highlight the need to guarantee the safety of the hurricane .
In this respect , some improvements are made in the text .
Secondly , the captain bears a high responsibility .
That is why it is necessary to make every effort to make it clear to us whether or not they are going to come to an end , whether or not .
Moreover , the classification of classification companies must also be notified of the food companies , because they often have to assess the state of materials .
But they will only be able to do so when they have sufficient information .
Thirdly , the role of the competent authority , which has been overlooked or inhaled by irregularities during the election or election .
It must then be obliged to suspend the proceedings to ensure the safety of ship and the occupation .
Fourthly , it is everybody who knows that the capacity of port inspection , the successor to the successor to the Dublin Convention , is not enough .
This directive appears to be given additional tasks to the Cambodian authorities .
The Commission must therefore ensure that these tasks really are applied .
Finally , there are some comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 , we said that we must comply with the text of the compulsory compulsory code in order to comply with the text of the National Trade Organisation in order to avoid distortion of competition .
However , Amendment No 14 does not correspond to this , and I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
Documents are an instrument for the purposes of overbooking .
Information on the local model and the welfare system is not the same .
Furthermore , agreements already already reached within the IMO have already been implemented on compulsory grounds .
You are talking about the Erika package .
If a plane is boarded in a vessel , it is also the task of the vessel &apos; s examinations to monitor the vessel &apos; s examinations and not to monitor the operators &apos; operators .
It does not have the knowledge .
In short , you will understand that I cannot accept Amendment No 13 .
I hope that Members will understand the reasons .
I cannot , in any case , support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
In this respect , there are countries outside the European Union which are not agreed internationally on the European Union .
This is not possible .
For the rest , it has been done .
I hope that some people who have tabled amendments .
If we adopt this report , Mr President , I believe that this report is considerably improved , in my opinion , the guarantees for safety of housing and its 44 .
Mr President , allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and thank the Commission for its great commitment to this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission proposed various measures to improve the safety of maritime transport , as it responded to a number of accidents on the part of a number of accidents , which have led to a number of accidents .
We can say - and I said in various contexts - that the European Union has failed to react to the damage caused , but , of course , the current initiative is to be welcomed , but , of course , the present initiative is to be welcomed .
According to the Erika I was occupied , and there are probably more to be expected .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly be able to express its opinion on further reports in this area .
This report concerns safety in terms of assessing and unloading events .
There is no doubt that in the last ten years there were very serious cases of accidents .
A number of reports and statistics confirm that , and the rapporteur also points out this .
Over half of all the ships almost all ships have been responsible for the cleaning @-@ up , often as a result of the lack of maintenance , often by means of the local community and Vietnam .
The International Criminal Court ( IMO ) has dealt with this problem over the past ten years .
The Member States have called for the classification societies , classification companies and shipowners to ensure greater attention to errors in the local and economic world .
A number of transitional measures have been proposed in this connection .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The number of transport is alarming .
A more part of Central and Eastern Europe is more part of Central and Eastern Europe .
The development of the cargo will soon have the highest priority .
This applies not only to the transport industry but also for other transport and other transport .
The shortcomings in the logistics of the cargo are increasing , transport in transport areas and rail transport and railways .
The Commission should therefore draw up proposals to resolve these problems .
However , since this is a global issue , it is important not to include a problem of the European Union , and it is also important that the Commission should make matters further within the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could express its opinion on the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this important matter .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to make a general decision on behalf of my group , both to the nature of the Commission , namely the directive and the content of the proposal .
The subject we are discussing here is international organisations : principles and rules have already been established in a very controversial manner , which has been mentioned both by the rapporteur and by Mr Stenmarck about frequent substances which , unfortunately , have unfortunately been victims .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has reminded us , and this is precisely the problem .
This is why we need to intervene at European level with a code of conduct which is based on these rules and guarantee its autonomy .
As far as the definition of European legislation is concerned , the Commission is right to apply all the parties concerned and , in particular , on the electoral process , and , in particular , the prevention of accidents in the delicate phases of the electoral centres and the problem of safety users .
The amendments adopted in committee are in the right direction , and a number of points have been made : above all , the competent authorities must not only have the duty to prevent the local insurance system if the safety of the vessel is jeopardised .
In addition , there must be a lack of damage to the safety or defence of the vessel , and the decision on the need for the repairing is clearly taken out of the vessel .
On the other hand , with regard to ships and , in particular , the fact that they are still extremely low , I propose that , on behalf of my group , I propose to replace the amendment put forward by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava on the amendments which Mr Simpson and Mr Fava put forward .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as soon as possible and that Member States use their true application .
In spite of the fact that , despite the existing European and international rules , there is no lack of action in the Member States , in the course of this area .
We therefore support the Commission &apos; s request that these rules be applied from the Member States from 1 January 2003 .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission &apos; s proposal .
There really is international rules , a kind of voluntary Convention , which does not , or even , comply with it .
When we talk about safety in the field of visas , we note that there are many accidents on the subject of accidents .
Something must therefore be done about this .
We therefore support the report by Mr van Dam .
My group has two comments .
We are not going to support the proposal concerning the amendment proposed in Amendment No 13 .
What we are talking about here is about reflection and unloading &apos; s actions and not to subsidise ships .
The problem of competition is therefore not the subject of the debate .
It relates to the Erika II package where there is time to deal with flight documents .
Secondly , I tabled an amendment with Article 8 .
We have the right to break up a super @-@ tax or residence regime .
I think that is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States can determine who is responsible for this inspection .
However , if there is an administrative transfer of this kind , then it may also be a commercial interest in the local and educational organisation of ships , and that is something we do not find ourselves well .
Therefore , in our view , the Member States should be able to entrust this control to the authorities responsible for the inspection authorities .
Apart from these two aspects , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety at sea is very important .
We need to invest .
Mr President , I have noticed that you have said that people have to invest in people , both in the country and other controls , and I believe that , in my opinion , there is an important factor in the people who have to understand their fishing industry , which , in my opinion , is an important factor in order to increase safety at sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr van Dam .
This is a very good report .
The Commission has done a good job : in the background of accidents such as the Erika , but above all the background of the knowledge that 8 000 ships do not fulfil standards and , in our seas , there is a great deal of global growth .
As has already been said , 146 ships have fallen in ten years &apos; time .
This means hostile deaths .
This also means that large parts of the seas can be polluted .
Out of these 146 accidents , several Members have been mentioned by a third and medium @-@ sized Member States .
There is no need for us to go into this now .
We have done this earlier on the basis of double hulls .
In the knowledge that a passport must be established jointly with the operators of the tourist industry , which must be monitored with the operators who need to be inspected and ensuring compliance with the documents that have been carried out , we do not agree with the recital in the case of the so @-@ called cabin crew .
However , we would nonetheless like to give the Commission a little thought , because who , once again , in some European ports on this holiday period , has seen , and saw , in some European ports , what is happening .
It is not just cargo for terminals , not just cargo for terminals , but they can also cause damage to them and damage them .
In my opinion , this report provides a solution to which , as it is to do , the whole problem of education is not yet solved .
It has not been mentioned , however , that a proportion of the journey is a part of the cultivation of the local community and its reactivation .
It is not possible to discover whether or not a ship is created in a ship , whether or not a ship has become a shot in a ship .
In view of the fact that , in particular , we are talking about the discussion that we have held over 15 years - the discussion we have seen on oil tankers and which we have noted that the age of these accidents is not always a reference to those accidents which cause these accidents , and I would like to point out the Commission &apos; s view that the most problems which cause these accidents should be carried out in any way .
To conclude , we agree with the way in which the other problems are solved in the report , issues relating to ISO quality control and , in particular , Community law , which will now be accepted by some of the penal operators .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the entire Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , for the work that has been done in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur indicates , must be integrated into Community law , including this code of conduct , which is already applied in terms of the International Civil Aviation Authorities ( IMO ) , which is already applied in the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( IMO ) , which would be legally binding on their application in Community law .
From this point of view , we can accept most of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and by the various political groups , i.e. Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 8 , 10 and 15 in its entirety .
In principle , we accept Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 6 , 7 , 11 , 11 , 11 and 12 , but the conditions which they are entering into .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I shall be following on the following point .
Firstly , because Amendment No 4 is the competent authority to be able to provide information on the local model and consumer services .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
We should not interfere in the responsibilities of the Member States which have to have sufficient room for manoeuvre in order to guarantee the proper implementation of the directive and for the job of the contract between the captain and the representative of the customs payout in relation to inconsistencies in the most suitable way .
We reject Amendment No 13 because , with the representatives of the Union &apos; s representative , it is intended to monitor compliance with the rules of the so @-@ called grass @-@ standing grass roots or a transfer body .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that , in particular , the Commission &apos; s proposal is the most competitive way of ensuring that most water is concerned .
Rapid stages , but all ships .
In particular , the intention is to ensure that the new merchant vessels from 1 July 2002 , according to the aid period , are already used in the service granted by 1 July 2007 and , in the service which , in the service , is already used by 1 January 2007 and , in the service , appropriations between 1 January 2007 .
On the one hand , Amendment No 14 , which is one aspect of the technical annexes , is contrary to the sacrosanct code of conduct and harmonised rules for payment and unloading @-@ related rules and the principles of the directive , because it refers to the common responsibility of the vessel and the representative of the draft directive in terms of certain aspects in the hierarchical ship / coast .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 , which calls for the introduction of qualifications which are not included in the UN Convention ( international conventions on the standards of training , the issuing of extradition and the ivory towers ) , which would mean discrimination against flight crews .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and once again the whole committee for their work .
This is one of the initiatives presented by the Commission in order to increase the requirements for improving the requirements for safety at sea , even if it is not possible to prevent all emergency disasters , even if it is difficult to prevent all disasters outside our control .
As has already been pointed out , as has already been mentioned , the people who have been injured in the past ten years have been displaced persons in the past ten years .
It is clear that we cannot accept this without pencils , if the measures to guarantee protection for flight crews are possible .
We are talking about the problem of marine pollution , for example oil oil , which was double , and we are talking about something about what goes on , namely safety of flight advisers for seeds and on vessels which come to our coasts .
In addition , ladies and gentlemen , we are more in the fight against unfair competition , a question which sometimes does not comply with the rules , or those who are sometimes forced to check on their safety and check on their safety , and also to take account of the nature of appraisal and delivering waste .
I believe that we have taken due account of the fact that we have taken proper account of the work of the Community in the Community area , and we can tell you that the year 2000 was the case for the year 2000 in a sense of time .
We recently recently presented measures to be made in the field of emergency management in the field of water in writing ; I expect the Commission to give the green light to the future .
This year , in 2001 , we will continue to continue our work in the space of 2001 and we will give them the necessary impetus to ensure that this area is part of a part of the world economy and will enable us to introduce an increase in intermodal transport and to continue to promote ecologically intermodal transport .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Transport and prevention of ships
Mr President , the problems of safety of sea transport and the protection of marine environment on pollution by ships are highly topical .
A number of cases of accident , and also environmental disasters , have also been kept over the last time .
The European Union already has a arsenal of relevant directives and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must take account of the legislation implemented by international organisations and to adopt a position in a very short time so that Member States can fulfil their international obligations .
The need to rationalise and disturb the tasks of the European Union in terms of transport of sea transport is essential .
This is why the European Commission submitted two proposals to the present proposal : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees relating to security in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships through a single committee with the name &quot; Committee on Transport .
The other existing committees , the same tasks , will be resolved .
With the establishment of this committee , the Member States will be able to facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the international Convention in question .
It should also be pointed out that the Committee on Transport , External Trade , Research and Energy , in accordance with the regulatory procedure , is based on the Council &apos; s decision pursuant to Council Decision No 1999 / 468 .
As you know , in this regulatory procedure , the powers of the European Parliament , but also the Member States , have included the powers of the European Parliament .
At the same time , the European Commission would call for a procedure which favours its right to be increased or reduced to when an international change in maritime transport is increased .
If it is to be adopted , it will only be possible to apply the provisions of the Committee on Transport and Social Affairs , as it can be approved that the adoption of the international Convention in question is harmful to the safety standards required in the European Union .
This is the underlying idea of Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive is now aimed at adding a reference to the &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; in the directives , which is clearly necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed since it is an attempt to rationalise and improved monitoring of Community law on maritime safety issues and the prevention of pollution .
A few amendments are intended to make the text clearer and that the European Parliament &apos; s rights to participate in the regulatory procedure will be guaranteed .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their extremely constructive recommendations and for the unanimous support of my draft report .
Mr President , the speeches we have heard this evening demonstrate what importance we attach to the fight against &apos; hushkits &apos; and I believe we must continue to continue our efforts .
For the rest , I am sorry to express my regrets at the work of the French Presidency on the issue of security in maritime transport .
I had a great deal of money from this presidency because it was really extremely serious .
I therefore hope that , because of what we are doing in Parliament , we will not cease to cease to keep vigilance in order to bring about the Commissioner &apos; s wording and ensure that safety in maritime transport is increased .
For Europe , in the area of safety at sea , there is a considerable delay in relation to the United States , which have already introduced strict regulations for some time now .
It is not the case that the US waters of the American waters fly &apos; to pollute our coasts , and without an effective approach from Parliament , will increase the risk of further ships before our coasts .
This is unfortunately a month ago .
I therefore hope that we will soon be able to adopt a real change in the measures necessary for protecting our environment .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report is a very good report on the establishment of a Committee on Transport safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage of reorganising the various instruments , and the adoption of the five existing committees will allow the European Union to respond quickly to developments in international law .
I would like to thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the amendments I have tabled .
Transport in maritime transport covers various areas and I thought it was particularly important that this committee also mentions the prevention of pollution by ships .
Protection against &quot; untreated &quot; is also a concern of concern to the protection of the marine environment and the living conditions and working conditions on the board .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will follow this recommendation and the Committee on Transport in maritime transport and the prevention of vessels in the field of maritime transport .
As soon as possible , I hope that we will be able to amend current rules as soon as possible , so that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied in concrete terms .
We must monitor the classification systems closely in order to improve the quality of the inspections they carry out , and we must also take care to ensure that the insurance insurance system is brought to bear in order to be responsible for a complicated legal and financial impact on criminal prosecution .
Commissioner , we have a great hope , Commissioner , that it is not possible to keep vigilance .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank you , Commissioner , and your team , for a very constructive and dynamic cooperation .
After all , there is a good example of the last few days .
In the context of the trans @-@ European Union ports , the final straw of the European Union &apos; s ports in the context of trans @-@ European networks has been made available to the so @-@ called , especially as it is from a European dimension of these ports and to exploit incentives for the northern region .
The solution that has been adopted is acceptable , but I would ask if the ports at least have a good will when the limits of the ports are , at least sometimes , a good will .
It is the case that the ports will be you and thank you .
The Commission and the Parliament will not be able to do so .
It is high time we are discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
We should not be able to allow ourselves to do so on the seas .
The accident off the coast of Brittany is only the last link in the chain of disasters in the chain of disasters and people .
Public opinion is HIV and a regular diagnosis will then be re @-@ settled .
We must make it clear to the most relevant areas that the problem in Europe is late , but it was quite correct when we were press for years .
Europe makes a little for safety at sea and prevention .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world , today and in future .
The Commission has fully presented its proposals almost in record time .
Last November we adopted the Erika package .
The Council has reached an agreement at the end of December . The Council can enter into force in 2002 .
The Erika II is returning to the door and I am pleased that the second package will also lead to real progress for safety at sea .
On this occasion , however , it should be pointed out that , in the field of the management of classification systems , the inspectors of classification societies and the uninformed will be huge .
I was able to persuade Mr Piecyk to see this last week with our colleague Fernando Piecyk in the intimate port .
The Auditors are facing great demands and expectations , and we must support it .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , Mr Bakopoulos , makes a valuable contribution to the progress of safety .
It speaks for the persuasive work of the committee that a vote was issued in committee .
I assume that the plenary will also vote in favour of the plenary .
I am not referring to the broad majority , but for a broad majority , when I have already referred to the setting up of the regulatory committee in maritime transport .
I therefore expressly support the second part of the Commission document , because what is the point of the committee when the current directives and regulations are not adapted to the new structure ?
We do not need a budgetary basis , we need administrative clarity , not a dozen or philosophical committees , but I believe that we will have a clear and dynamic structure , and I believe that we are doing a good and dynamic structure in Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur , we will be discussing two proposals from the Commission today : the first relates to the establishment of one , so @-@ called &quot; Committee on Transport and the second a directive to amend the existing directives on maritime transport and the second .
The aim of all this is to ensure that the Community &apos; s current Community legislation on maritime safety and the protection of the environment in the field of transport and protection of the marine environment can be improved .
We support the efforts of the PSE Group to simplify and welcome these proposals to simplify and welcome the proposal that the current five committees should be replaced by one single currency .
This committee will certainly contribute to a genuine and stronger involvement of international law in Community law .
We therefore call upon both the two concepts of security in maritime transport and the work of the committee , both in the name and the mandate of the Committee .
I would like to conclude by commenting on a further point of view , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential to guarantee the European Parliament &apos; s right to participate in the regulatory procedure .
That is why we call upon the Commission to ensure that Parliament has always been able to monitor the activities of the committees and to monitor the work of the work in maritime transport .
We are therefore calling for the future Committee on Transport and the prevention of pollution in maritime transport and the prevention of environmental pollution .
Mr President , Commissioner , I thank the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos for a successful report .
Safety is particularly important .
Our Group supports the unanimity report .
The proposed regulation and the directive easier to comply with international changes in Community law on maritime safety issues
The problem has been slow so far that the Community &apos; s Community legislation has been too slow .
The aim of the proposal is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must indeed be simplified .
The amalgamation of the various committees in a Committee on Transport and Rural Development is a right measure to make the treatment of matters clearer .
The minimum standards for transport are intended to meet the minimum requirements , and the advantage of the regulation included in the regulation is to clarify the issue and to clarify legal certainty .
In the future , we must ensure that , in particular , the Member States &apos; handling of the agreements and Community law are easier to implement the agreements relating to maritime transport .
However , the Member States &apos; ability to implement the powers of the Member States within the international eco @-@ border corner .
In the future too , the principle must be applied to the fact that the International Maritime Organisation will be a source of international work for security in maritime transport if international agreements , conclusions and regulations are taken on international agreements .
Mr President , Commissioner , in principle , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , Mr Bakopoulos , on his report , Mr Bakopoulos on his report , which we fully endorse .
We would also like to congratulate the Commission on its proposal and congratulate us sincerely on the creation of this Committee on Transport , which makes the use of 12 directives and three different regulations .
You , Commissioner , have been used to combine the earth and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our Group will support you in this .
In principle , the principle of proportionality must be applied , in principle , to ensure that these directives , these rules and these international conventions , as proposed by the Committee on Agriculture , will be included in a broader form .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
We believe that this Committee on Transport should not only be a committee which , from a more general point of view , is more or less capable of doing so , but also to include the sensitivities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations , the unions and trade unions .
We therefore expect the committee to give special emphasis on these areas , and I would like to ask two questions about these areas : how will work between the Committee on Transport and the European Agency for Transport and European Agency be coordinated in the near future .
Does this committee intend to deal with the three regulatory initiatives of the Erika II package ?
Mr President , the body of the &apos; Committee on Transport &apos; and the pretext for better application of legislation on the safety of ships , the protection of the marine environment , the protection of the marine environment and the working conditions on the part of the European Union , makes it clear that the reactionary nature of the European Union &apos; s policy is also in the area of supply .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain secondary provisions which undermine the role of such international organisations such as the International Civil Aviation Organisation and the International Peace Organisation .
In fact , in fact , the European Union &apos; s refusal to participate in the application or implementation of changes in the international conventions or resolutions are part of the adoption of amendments , although it would be obliged to force the international law to do so .
As a servant of the European big European big interests , the European Commission is opposed to the change in international law , and it has developed the protection of the monopolies and the protection of the monopolies and the protection of the monopolies .
We are not entirely opposed to these measures , but also against individual measures which are not effective , and it is not merely intended to counteract the many fatal and highly environmentally @-@ friendly effects of the public , and the public movement of persons and movement of movement and environmental agencies .
Furthermore , the attempts of the European centre in the field of economic policy and the environment , in the field of economic policies , such as the United States , Japan and Australia , have an own mechanism for controlling sea transport and to introduce its preferences .
This leads to the general principles of discrimination on the subject of discrimination , which are very badly threatened by the effective and fundamental security of maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , in particular , oil pollution and the oil industry , which is at national , regional and international level .
This does not mean that this does not mean that it will be even more expensive .
An example of this is the conditions for the transfer of money generated by the flag of convenience , which are directly due to the pollution of maritime traffic , which is directly due to most of and worst accidents .
One of the ways in which ships , flight safety , flight etc. and protection of the environment must be determined mainly vigorously vigorously vigorously vigorously against the lack of moral measures which are designed to tackle and implement stringent measures for breaches of legislation , which are fragmented in the IMO and international conventions .
This policy must adapt to the composition of the district , to improve the increase in the supply of living and working conditions , to improve the right of flight and working conditions and the trade unions to be established .
Thank you very much , Mr Nicholson .
I wanted to welcome you before your first speech in this plenary session and I wish you every luck as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , I am particularly angry by the scale of the storms in the Irish Sea .
Only two transport restrictions from the Netherlands in the wake of the age of gas and Sellafield , which have been echoed by British Nuclear Fuels in Cumbria , and I have made information that 17 further transport from the Netherlands should be carried out in the next few years .
At the same time , the German Government has stated that it intends to continue the cutting @-@ map of transportation in wet conditions and this transportation by 1 July 2005 .
This means increasing the number of such transportation .
Even though there has been a great deal of counterfeiting of documents by BNFL over the past two years , this transportation is again being included again .
Irrespective of the fact that BNFL alone has been driven out for this crime , BNFL has been driven out of 60 million victims .
I am particularly satisfied that international opposition to North Britain is increasingly increasing to Japan .
It is precisely because of the fact that a British ship @-@ based ship is twice in order to destroy a British ship , allegedly as those that were previously released at the Chernobyl disaster .
The Pacific International Nuclear Fuels , a ship @-@ of @-@ British Nuclear Fuels ship , should be able to be able to take immediate stock , as the captain intends to take the infected waters of polluting water into trees .
I believe that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build on a number of international areas with other countries working with other countries working with other countries in South America , including countries around the South Asia and African countries .
Within the European Union , environmental impact , water and water management systems must be carried out in the European Union in the creation of new forms of water .
Up until now , the British Government has denied an international environmental impact assessment of the most important risks for the environment and the human health system for the environment .
I would now call on the British Government to initiate a full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment , with which the ecological risks of the ozone layer are determined in the Irish Sea .
It should also be evaluated by the European Commission .
I am in favour of this - and this brings me to the end - that reprocessing will be halted from experimental materials at Sellafield .
In the meantime , however , an international convention must be closed to financial safety standards .
I praise the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen of the Commission , I am very much enough for my opinion , because this report , in particular , is not a controversial one and , at least , any differences of opinion are the exception of the exception .
With regard to international conventions , the Commission is undertaking to do so in either the proposal to reject the new &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; , but it does not go into the way in which the provisions will enter into force automatically .
In my opinion , this process is improved today , simplified and creates legal certainty .
In this respect , Mr Bakopoulos , I do not think that his amendments are being presented to mention the importance and presence of Parliament , but it does not agree with a few amendments , but only a few proposed amendments which will be highlighted by Parliament in the regulatory procedure .
I would like to say that , Commissioner , I would like to say that , in my opinion , there is less support for Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , which is , of course , retrospective , rather than our sensitivity towards maritime safety .
We know the three first reports of the Erika I package on the safety of maritime transport , safety in maritime transport , the closure of the proposal on transport and the third proposal on the electoral system , which we have been examining as quickly as possible .
We are going to deal with the Erika II package with the three separate chapters .
In my opinion , the Commission initiatives in this respect are the Commission &apos; s initiatives in general to the International Civil Aviation Authorities , and that , finally , it will lead to finding solutions to the international situation , which we all want to see for desirable and regional solutions .
Once again , Mr Bakopoulos .
It is equally appropriate that the right timetable for implementing legislation by supranational bodies is to be adopted by supranational bodies and to adopt such provisions in Community law which helped to improve the level of safety .
It is clear that the Commission &apos; s two proposals make it easier to facilitate the adoption of the provisions of the convention in the field and , hence , the policy on maritime safety in the field of maritime safety is more effective than a single committee responsible .
The rapporteur , with his excellent work and in the rest of the European Parliament , are drawing up certain amendments to the plenary &apos; s original intention of dealing with the prevention of marine environment by ships and the conditions of living on the environment , which are clearly linked to the safety of maritime transport .
The report under discussion also aims to mention the role of the European Parliament , which is enshrined in the proposal for a directive , which is why it should not be excluded .
In more general terms , the Commission is making a further attempt to make a further attempt to make efficient planning and implementation of policies in maritime transport and the prevention of marine pollution .
In our opinion , the authors of the report and our ultra @-@ liberal amendments , which are , I hope , will be accepted by all Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner , the issues relating to transport in maritime transport and environmental protection have been expressed over a year ago since the Erika disaster .
In spite of the fact that the hurricane was a disaster for European transport transport , they had a lot of positive consequences .
The public debate that has been levelled at the disaster and the increase in political pressure is the way forward by the Commission to increase the legislation in the Union on maritime transport .
The Commission has also been able to present a number of proposals to improve the safety of maritime transport in a very short space of time .
As my colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the fact that you have managed to create a thematic network of the short sea shipping network as an important initiative by adopting a regional initiative from the outset .
The tanker of the tanker disaster and , in particular , the Union had fairly comprehensive rules for safety of vessels and the prevention of vessels .
It is also true that , probably , it would never have been the accident of the Erika , if all the rules already existed at the moment , and that it would have been possible to monitor controls .
The Commission &apos; s proposal to replace maritime traffic safety is also welcome by a single committee .
At the same time , responsibility is made more clearly than ever to be transferred to the relevant committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of legislation and be actively represented by the Union in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission accepts the right of analysis of the scope of an international change in maritime transport .
I support the Commission &apos; s proposal with regard to the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur points out in his report , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur points out in his report , that Parliament should take part in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and to the speed and effectiveness that this process has been adopted and dealt with .
I would also like to thank all the speakers and particularly Mrs Grossetête , who has expressed the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , for their contributions and support .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , your congratulations to the Commission on maritime transport this year on maritime transport will send out the excellent work of the Directorate @-@ General for energy and transport , which undoubtedly has helped to meet the increasing demands of the citizens .
They have , of course , already questioned these demands earlier , but the Erika disaster has just acted as a kind of constructive input .
On the one hand , this proposal has been followed up by the technical committees responsible for the safety of maritime transport ; it is therefore an attempt to simplify , clarify and coherence .
They will all be replaced by one committee and , on the other hand , to facilitate updating Community legislation on sea transport on maritime transport .
I would like to express my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically for the amendments which remind the European Parliament that the European Parliament has a crucial role in the context of the stabilisation process .
The Commission will adopt all these amendments , which have been subject to the agreement between the institutions , in its original form , on uniform wordings on comitology and in the documents .
We would also like to thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee which we propose is not only working on maritime safety , but also with the prevention of pollution by ships which must reflect on behalf of the committee .
However , we can , however , be prepared to include the prevention of the pollution carried out by ships on behalf of ships in general .
This is simply the case that pollution affects the marine environment , such as pollution from the rivers in the marine environment , which can cause pollution from the rivers in the marine environment , and also other actions associated with the air side , the coastlines which may lead to maritime safety .
This is why we cannot accept this general definition which would mean a different type of competence which would not be a task for the committee ; what we can , of course , be able to include , namely the specific addition of the prevention of vessels &apos; pollution .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 8 , 9 and 10 in its entirety .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 must simply be carried out .
We cannot accept Amendments 5 and 12 in view of this aspect of the social protection of the marine environment in connection with other problems relating to the protection of marine environment .
Finally , I would like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has said , we should not slacken in vigilance .
We must continue to continue all the more lives of sea transport , which , as I pointed out in other occasions , does not have the number of vessels even over the list of animals or the quality of goods transported for goods and the quality and components of goods resulting from a number of years ago .
For example , Mr Fitzsimons , the problem of transport distribution is mentioned , and , of course , we have included the discussion of the Erika II package .
Specifically , the directive on copyright pricing is intended to take account of the need for a code of conduct on criminal matters , i.e. the ingredients of radioactive materials .
We also see - and I would like to reply to Mr Hatzidakis and Mr Hatzidakis - that if there is a worldwide global sector , we have a long way to do that .
There has been a growing tradition of aviation , but aviation has a growing tradition .
That is why we need to ensure that the International Whaling industry is making a high of our demands .
In this respect , the countries of the Union , in relation to the International Civil Aviation Agency , are behaving in relation to the International Civil Aviation Agency , as a driving force for the environment and safety and the demands for the marine environment and the demands for safety of flight crews .
I would like to reply to Mr Bautista Ojeda that the Agency for safety at sea and the Committee on Transport have different powers .
The purpose of the latter is strictly based on Community legislation on maritime transport , and it confines itself to voting on the Commission &apos; s proposals to update the directives and regulations .
Consequently , the legislative function has a legislative function , while the Agency has not yet adopted any legislative function and in no way interfere with legislation , although it is possible to make proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission , and it is a body of technical assistance to the Member States , as element of the dissemination of information and , hence , transparency for the whole sector .
But it does not have a legislative function .
So there are two different ways of thinking .
I believe that the integration of ports in the trans @-@ European networks , as some of you have said in another speech , is a fundamental key element in promoting or integrating all the transport systems in the intermodal system , which we all want to achieve .
I would like to finish by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
A few minutes ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that the inspectors are involved in a huge work .
Well , I believe that you , ladies and gentlemen , and of course the Commission services responsible for maritime transport , are also very hard to work hard .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council common position on the European Parliament &apos; s common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( C5 @-@ 0508 / 2000 - 1999 / 0252 ) .
- ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to give you the floor to the second reading of a report which is of great importance for the future of the railways in Europe and for the implementation of a Europe of rail .
The last few months under the presidency of the Commissioner , Mr de Palacio , will undoubtedly be a crucial factor in the future of European railways .
Following the conciliation procedure on the Swoboda reports , it has now been possible to make it open to opening up or the liberalisation of the networks , as we would like to see .
The lack of technical coherence in various areas is to overcome the lack of technical coherence and , of course , it is not easy to have the networks with great national characteristics and of in @-@ depth nature .
The main aim of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and financial interoperability between the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complicated .
There are fifteen hundred , five to six separate forms of electric tensions , different equipment , gauges , different equipment , different equipment and other railway systems , which hinder a smooth flow of traffic .
And the opening up of road traffic has simply been easy to rectify the prevailing gaps in the railways without delay .
In 1996 , a first directive was adopted which was dealt with more easily because it was a new network , i.e. the high @-@ speed rail system , and this is what we are doing today .
In this respect , therefore , it has been decided to work with the railway undertakings , the infrastructure infrastructure and industry for all the railway systems for the interoperability of the railway industry .
There are a specification for a specification for each of these types of scheme , which is a specification for the various components which are in favour of the individual components .
We have a huge amount of work and we have chosen a high @-@ speed approach for a lack of action .
As long as the work is going on so much time , it is important that there should be a direct amount of progress in where it is possible to cope with difficulties and a decent cost @-@ benefit ratio .
The method is basically based on the following approach : using the various measures to achieve interoperability and assessment of costs , in order to determine whether or not this will be implemented at a later date .
We must , of course , be able to take important progress in the exchange of information , the procedures for cross @-@ border transport , the procedures which will be achieved as a whole , in the context of a convergence process , in the context of a convergence process , in the context of a convergence process , which can be resolved in the context of a convergence process .
I think that , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank all the Members who have worked on this report because we have done a considerable amount of work at first reading .
46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament has voted on it .
Of the 46 amendments , and I am referring to the Council and the Commission &apos; s Department of 33 33 in the form , it can be said that it is a very delicate legislative process which will be a very delicate legislative process , which will end up with the vote .
The Council and the Commission have , in fact , approved numerous amendments to Parliament and to make a clear correction in the vote with the users and staff , the incorporation of candidate countries from the start of the outset and to make clear correction in derogations , as some countries are entitled to derogations .
The Council has also made a very important contribution to the issue of security and access to persons with non @-@ restricted mobility .
I personally welcome the fact that we have been so quick as quickly as possible to produce such a promising document which is really the European rail system .
There are two crucial questions to answer , Commissioner : the issue of charges , which is nowadays of crucial importance to road transport from road to rail , and the question of financing infrastructures , for example , is needed in order to achieve progress in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the press programme two weeks ago we have voted on the so @-@ called railway package and we agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and the European Union .
Tomorrow we will vote on the Savary report on the Savary report on interoperability in Europe .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and important condition to allow safe cross @-@ border rail transport .
At first reading , all parties have done a great deal of work and effort in this very technical Commission proposal , and I would like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur , Mr Savary .
The effort has been paid by the Council to few exceptions , all Parliament &apos; s proposed amendments .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats are therefore the reason why we do not have any further amendments at second reading .
I had a proposed amendment from Parliament at first reading , but it was not adopted by the Council .
There are three votes in favour of the vote .
It was a question of suggesting that authorisations and certification measures be carried out for non @-@ military operations .
The background to this motion is , in addition to the fact that , in addition to the economic interests of some Member States , many serious cases of events which may also be due to an inadequate examination .
These authorisations and tests have been carried out and , in some cases , they are not carried out by independent third @-@ country nationals .
All sides expressed in committee , including the Commission , expressed a great deal of sympathy on this point .
However , the wordings that have now been adopted in Articles 18 and Annex ( 1 ) have been adopted in a sense , but we cannot be satisfied with it today .
The Commission &apos; s commitment to incorporate the independent and efficient authorisation and maintenance of wages in the commercial sphere , deserve the best good compromise today and not to table any further amendment in plenary .
However , we will be very careful at the future of the future when the Commission considers the commitments made .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank my esteemed colleague , Commissioner , who has spoken about it .
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we can close them and not even to the exciting conciliation procedure which I have already had .
However , I am very glad that we have already been able to adopt the railway package which we had recently adopted , and that Mr Jarzembowski and myself have done a great deal of work on a single package , and I have had a great deal of work to add to the Commissioner .
It is not just as far as possible to achieve a compromise , but rather a real package !
Secondly , is the question : can we negotiate ?
Are we talking about things in the field of rail ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there are still a few things open .
The Commissioner has already announced in relation to the question of the opening up of the traffic in goods and passenger transport , and I think that this has already been done in a number of areas and I think that this is extremely important in terms of the question of working conditions and the environment .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have now made and tomorrow will mean that we are rail more competitive .
All those who are always talking about competition must be said : &quot; competition &quot; , or must be said , that competition , competition conditions and the road are certainly not available to the railways .
When we talk of sustainable development , we are talking about sustainable development and to the environment , if we talk about a proposal on the development of energy policy in the European Union , in order to reduce this energy dependency , in particular , that is to say that this energy activity should be taken into account .
I am not aware of the fact that the railways should be given priority , because it would be a great deal if we were to travel to rail the same common level as the road .
However , these issues are crucial in relation to enlargement .
If we see how different the countries in the candidate countries are concerned , then we must do everything possible to overcome the situation in the candidate countries , not only at the level of the European Union itself , but also at EU level .
It is because the best and most competitive structure of the global railway system in the Western continent is nothing more than that , if we do not at the same time , in eastern and south @-@ eastern Europe , and the European Union must make a great contribution to this .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on the magnificent work he has done on this important but difficult issue , and to congratulate the successful report .
The report approved this week on liberalising railway legislation is a breakthrough in the development of the European railways .
It was on the way in which the Finnish Presidency continued to go along with France .
The improvement in the competitiveness of railways is essential in order to reduce traffic congestion to motorways and airports .
The development of rail transport is also a step towards the environment .
Improving the interoperability of the railway system is a prerequisite for the successful implementation of the entire Rail package .
It has been said too long , but Mr Savary has managed to resolve this difficult situation .
A great deal still remains to be done , but the beginning is now being made .
Our group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal , the Council &apos; s common position in this form .
It has been taken into account by Parliament &apos; s most important amendments and that we can make progress quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that interoperability of the railway networks is a competitive system .
It is therefore important for the implementation of the work to be carried out in order to establish a timetable and to establish the networks .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for having recognised the specific requirements of Finland .
The compromise reached on Russian wagons in transport between Finland and Russia is jeopardising the aims set out in the report , but ensure that the report is not compatible with the aims of the European Union .
I believe that the importance of this solution will be visible to the whole of the Union if we start to use the immense natural resources in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , in actual fact , we should do this without debate , but a debate is a good one , just as all the points have been made .
There has been a deeper dialogue .
You are calling for a good dialogue with the social partners , with the environment , but you have also acted as a model , as you yourself have done , with all the results that we can start with all the results of a product that we can start .
In fact , we are talking about such a drop in the way that we are talking about .
The first was the liberalisation , opening up of international transport , which we have just talked about .
Part of this is the interoperability of interoperability , that is to say that traffic between countries is possible .
There are three reasons for this .
I have just spoken on this last time .
With regard to previous three - and we have already heard , Commissioner Wallström , and we have already heard , Commissioner Wallström will work hard to work in the next period - we believe that the emission standards and the energy market use to the railway package will be improved .
As everyone knows , the relative use of lorries has been tightened up , and this means that the relative advantage of the railway will also mean that it should be preferable to work on these emission standards rather than others .
I would like to briefly mention a few minor points , a small number of points .
We now have to realise that there is huge investment in this area .
Large investment , they have already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which are both at the expense of the state and the industry .
The state , and then we are at the same time talking about a further package of external costs .
We still need to provide a certain form of support in order to ensure that this industry remains competitive on the one hand , but it will be supported .
This may seem ridiculous , but that is what we must do well in our debates on the White Paper .
The second question which I am asking is whether the Commission is proceeding with the two sides of industry and to carry out investigations on the implementation of these interoperability in the railway sector , particularly in the first place .
I am not aware of whether this investigation has now been published and what it is going to mean for the future .
There must be a certain language .
What are we going to speak about ?
Why is the English situation in the international eco @-@ American economy ?
Or will it be English ?
If that is the case , then I propose that we now be talking about this in Parliament .
This simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , in the run @-@ up to the debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , enlargement of the railway and internationalisation of the railway industry does not mean that the end of the last century was concluded at a end of the last century .
This trend was a cosmopolitan state which makes itself superfluous through liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that a tobacco company does not need to stand up to the persistence of industrial or industrial areas that are separated from the sea from the sea .
Much of what we had at the time is to have been accepted by the Council now .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this .
Unlike Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s proposals , my group is correct .
I am referring to the technical details of the proposal now , and I would ask you to pay attention to constant problems .
We always have to face an environmental eye on developments which still threaten the coherence of European railways .
In the nineteenth century , the different track gauges and suggesting that the railways have managed to function as a European whole .
Not only does the individual Member States fall to this , but also with each other competing between railway undertakings .
In the European Union , the Pyrenees still have internal borders , as well as national ones .
In the 20th century it was the window of opportunity and the safety systems which are still divided the railway network .
In the course of the cleaning up of the border , it has had to be seen by the other divisions .
The threats of the twenty @-@ first century establish a combination of technical development and competition .
Until this time , it was seen as if the railways were going to grow again in Germany .
In the Netherlands , we still have such a move in the Netherlands , although there is still no prospect of the Treaty of Amsterdam , although there is no prospect of warmth and Hamburg to Berlin .
This type of technology may well be , in many respects , a good example of this technology , especially one of the other Internet systems .
The interests of individual companies who want to market their latest technology must not be the crucial factor .
Despite the integration of Europe , the shift of railways is somewhat progressing .
International aid programmes are always being phased out .
They have to throw on a long @-@ distance asteroid often outside the country of departure .
Not so long ago , it was not possible to make a link from Cologne to Athens , from Paris to Lisbon or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
This is no longer possible .
Twenty months ago , the Stockholm Conference of Stockholm had been distributed .
In addition to technical measures which are in this report , it is urgent that this fragmentation should also be put to the end of the railway sector .
Similarly , it is absolutely essential that the railway companies have the passengers to deal with air traffic and freight transport .
Mr President , on a constantly @-@ militarised internal market , differences in the structures of the railway structures are becoming increasingly important .
In addition , the 15 Member States of the European Union are four different separate and fifteen different systems of competition .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union may be even more than 25 or 27 Member States , and the disparities will probably be greater .
This problem cannot simply be tackled by the use of new and similar solutions .
With regard to the opening of the longest @-@ radicals and Denmark , I think that the opening of the longest , together with Sweden and Denmark last summer , should be resolved in the light of the failure of the flawed interoperability of rail systems .
On the contrary , Denmark is a separate and totally different one .
Unfortunately , this has been said that Swedish railways are left on the right to Danish freight .
There are various reasons for the serious differences between the countries of Europe in this area and all of them are historical .
The reason for this is that the individual countries have gone into a number of times in different times , but others have been aware of this . It should never be possible to travel without further ado with trains outside foreign policy .
In today &apos; s Europe , where we talk about the four freedoms , and where the free movement of goods , services , services and capital movement across borders will guarantee any obstacle to the problem .
That is why it is necessary to eliminate barriers to all types of activity .
We need to strive for harmonisation and we must be able to harmonise them in different areas as well .
The Commission &apos; s initiative to gradual rail rail systems is therefore very important .
A first measure covers the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we keep up two facts in our work .
Firstly , it is not possible to deal with this work at this time today , and it will not , in fact , be possible for high costs , especially if we will then be starting to start by the trans @-@ European networks on the other .
In addition , we need to make changes to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long term .
Secondly , at least in the short term , solutions can be made without all the countries of the same system .
These are all trains which have already travel across Europe today - thanks to the possibility of new technology in jobs .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of the way in which the European Union is able to take immediate decisions as the interoperability of a railway system in the European Union and to avoid the Conciliation Committee and a third reading .
I would therefore like to thank Mr Gilles Savary for his discussion , his knowledge and the fact that he has been able to demonstrate that the European Parliament &apos; s intervention has succeeded in strengthening such important provisions such as social provisions , and to strengthen the position of the users of the users or enlargement .
This is a lesson to those who want to reduce the intervention of Parliament &apos; s intervention in favour of rapid decision @-@ making .
This directive , which we adopted at the last session in Brussels , will hopefully be able to ensure that we do not have good intentions in Europe when it comes to the good intentions in Europe and that rail transport is the case at the moment .
For a country like Portugal , which is in the most south @-@ eastern Europe , interoperability of rail transport has become essential .
Those who are at the end of the day , or at the beginning of the day , are always dependent on a massive cross @-@ border traffic traffic .
Setting up the ports to the railway network is a crucial step towards improving the flow of transport , reducing transport costs and to the European railway industry .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with transport , I am delighted that we have achieved a positive outcome , especially the result of Mr Savary &apos; s hard work .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of railways must be improved , which plays an extremely important role in the terms of the surrounding countries .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy based on a common goal .
Rail transport must be a frank , useful and cost @-@ effectiveness .
There can then be agreement between industry and environmental organisations .
Even this miracle is still possible .
In particular , improving the competitiveness of railway systems must be carried out by reducing the costs of the railway in the railway sector and increase in the telecommunications market .
Unfortunately , the taxpayer costs too much money at the moment , irrespective of whether or not they use the train .
It is time for the poor state of the State to be able to pull up a new efficient and medium @-@ sized business .
Rail undertakings are still very moving in the past , it is the most weak and fast @-@ sighted railway .
On the other hand , passenger transport is a completely legitimate area and it is clear that the most important thing has been given to the environmental burden .
The common version of the draft directive as a committee makes sense .
The harmonisation of technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of railways without jeopardising a position on the position of others .
It is also an important factor in defining priorities which must be carried out by means of cost @-@ benefit analysis , which is an important factor in the initial measures which will be implemented .
If this directive is not an example of how cooperation can be added at EU level ?
In this connection , I would like to remind you of an important point for Finland .
Finland has a long @-@ standing border border with Russia .
Nearly 40 % of the freight sector has been carried out on transport with Russia .
Since Finland and Russia have received a common , but even by the other EU countries , there are also a number of Russian Russian nationals , following the Schengen standard .
Finland , however , is quite justified and , quite rightly , not justified .
But the use of Russian wagons in traffic between our countries is , in fact , making it clear that if we are sending our wagons behind the border , it is often the last time that we can see our wagons .
It is necessary for us to use Russian wagons in the future too .
Mr Savary has also done his best to draw attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for this .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , since the invention of the electoral system has taught us , we have had huge progress on rail transport .
Nevertheless , we are still far removed from the preparatory work of our work .
At the end of the day , I am not going to be so enthusiastic about the fact that I am speaking on 45 seconds .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , all important things I can say is that I can do so .
So I congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary for his report and for the fact that he has made the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system .
This also needs to be urgently needed because interoperability is the prerequisite and basis for liberalisation in international freight traffic , which we have built together with the railway package .
The difficulties in conventional rail transport are that we find ourselves in a position in Europe to find a large number of national systems which have created the big river , and only gradually , in order to achieve new , new and amending technology , and , of course , competition with the other modes of transport and competition with other modes of transport .
However , the pressure on the future of the railways is needed .
So the directive should be implemented quickly .
It is also good to create a single market for the environment .
I hope that the relevant bodies and procedures for setting up technical specifications are progressing quickly and foremost , first and foremost , as quickly as possible : in terms of petrol , reliability systems and penal systems .
In addition to the technical specifications , the rapporteur and Parliament have also tabled social provisions in the directive , in order to take the strategic account of the candidate countries in drafting TSIs .
That is a good thing .
For the sake of the environment , I would have liked to vote in favour of the independent third @-@ level third country for Migration , as long as we are in a number of countries and , of course , in the interests of both the newspapers .
In this context , the reference to subsidiarity seems to be dealt with very briefly in this context .
I would like to commend this issue to Mrs Jeggle and I hope that this is a question of stabilisation .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to say that the Commission has noted with satisfaction that the European Parliament has given this report and its priority .
In concrete November , the European Parliament approved the common position adopted on 10 November by the Council , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism could discuss a first draft report on 4 December .
I would also like to express my satisfaction at the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , but especially Mr Savary , and express my satisfaction at this .
With its negotiating capacity and negotiating circle with this whole issue , which is quite complicated , it was possible to make rapid progress .
Finally , the entire railway package which we have given during the year 2000 and the beginning of 2001 was a very strong French colour , which has taken the green light , with a number of Finnish votes , because the Finnish Presidency has also played an important role .
This directive is a major task , which is important politically , because it is a key element in practical implementation and implementation , which I referred to in the adoption of the Rail Package , namely opening up the international freight transport market .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the construction of a European rail system .
This is a fact which goes far more far , and to change a sector , or a number of specific technical conditions .
It is a very important fact that European construction is a very important story .
As you know , the European Parliament has now reached an agreement with the Council on this whole package and has set up a date for the complete opening of the year by the year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski have played a decisive role in this package .
I think that these measures will not be effective if we do not at the same time in a way that is in keeping with the way in which Mr Savary referred to the technical incompatibility of the technical incompatibility .
That is what this measure intends to do .
Some important users and a number of operators who make use of transport are trying to make profits and make use of the opportunities of the trans @-@ European rail network , provided that the Commission services have recently been involved in a large number of technical or administrative obstacles which are hindering the organisation of international freight traffic .
In this context , this directive is even more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system to overcome some of these barriers , so that some national markets are preparing for them .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you once again on the success that this directive is adopted at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to create a competitive market and to overcome the considerable costs of companies with the high @-@ speed sector and to overcome the number of technical barriers which are often the result of their local chains , which is often the result of agreements with their local chains .
The Commission will take care of the way in which all the sectors involved - operators , railway companies and the industries involved - depend on the experience of all the sectors involved - to promote their experience and to avoid economic solutions which , unfortunately , can be found in a creative way and to avoid solutions which are unfortunately to be found in some cases , which unfortunately occur in some cases .
Mr Bouwman asked me a few questions which I would like to answer .
Specifically , the consultations on the opinions of the various user users and the various elements that are operators , providers of infrastructures , railway undertakings , etc. also , and also , in addition to the adoption of the technical specifications for interoperability , are carried out in the form of the technical specifications for interoperability .
This is one of the aspects I would like to draw .
With regard to the economic effect of interoperability , whether or not it makes sense to ensure that , in future , Mr Vatanen has raised a single system , an issue which has also been raised by Mr Vatanen , I must say that there is a need for a harmonised technical assessment of the need for a harmonised technical investigation to justify the justification for the explanatory statement .
So , as I said , we have two stages before us .
A number of measures are implemented quickly , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out , for example , that the financing of the driver should be a European driving licence , for example , the driving force of the driver , as far as national frontiers are concerned , to be a European passport , issues which are the most impoverished .
However , there are other issues which have been implemented more complicated , such as harmonising the size of tunnel , so that all the more stringent size of the tunnel can be implemented .
This will take longer .
I would like to draw your attention to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , as I have said several times , that we expect to see the open measures , such as the directive on safety , the question of opening up the traffic in goods and passenger transport .
Clearly , a key factor in the railway sector is the whole of the European Union , because the key element in rail transport is the key to their development and the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you , Mr Savary , thank you very much , Mr Savary and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
dam in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council Regulation in the Irish Sea ( COM ( 2000 ) for the year 2001 ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0508 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( CNS ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would then like to make a brief statement .
I am not exaggerating , but I am the best of the PPE .
I think that this text - which is a text of my group - is a text which , at least , offers us a coherent introduction .
It is very brief .
Then I would make the proposal that we are going to proceed as much as the Members are present .
As you are all agreed , I would like to read out the English version of the English text which I consider to be the most sensitive state of affairs to the North Sea .
The PPE @-@ DE of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats are willing to give the Commission the opportunity to reduce damage limitation to the environment .
Throughout @-@ the @-@ day periods of time , warm Nicholson of all @-@ speaking students , who have gone back to all @-@ round unemployed , is an anti @-@ fascist person who breaks their feet on a daily basis .
Therefore , anti @-@ terrorist certification breaks in order to hold up to him in order to get rid of a neo @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ colonial super @-@ year @-@ style work in port .
Mr President , I regret that Mr Nicholson may not be here .
Having read this text , I would now like to comment on my own comments .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report by Mr Nicholson , whom I want to thank for his rapid and detailed work .
He was working in time .
However , we have not stopped the Council &apos; s urgent request and we are very pleased that we can pay more attention to this issue today .
cod stocks and its borders have been broken down for the TACs and quotas and also our sincere efforts , only in negative terms .
This must be a politicians , as well as all players .
The prices for cod and for other fish are , at the same time , increase , at the same time , and the fishermen are , at the same time , facing problems to protect their families and their families in the long term .
A more important and historic economic sector of our coastal regions is falling .
The closures have been given not only for this limited area which the report is based on , but also to large sections of the North Sea .
The stocks are growing in all areas .
It is good to note that the Commission , under your leadership , Commissioner , has responded quickly and decisively , without waiting for the Commission to wait for any time .
It is our task to monitor these measures and draw up the lessons of our future policies .
These figures are , of course , also covered by the Member States and , in particular , the Member States .
But again the question : why had it had to happen ?
Will we not be allowed to leave this type of adversity ?
When will we finally see real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens have not been made in the Irish Sea since yesterday , and not just in the Irish Sea .
Obviously , the consumer , fishermen and fish stocks - is the need for an hour !
Despite all the efforts of the Commission , in spite of all the efforts made by the Commission , will we be able to make proposals on the electoral and defence regulations ?
Are we at all levels of work at all levels , together with the latest scientific results in time in our policy ?
If we do not at long last make a close follow @-@ up , the next crisis will be Basque .
The fact that there is a dark frost being deeply concerned with the fact that there is now a dark silence .
We have to work and not just react .
When do we learn that ?
How many sectors of industry have to think about how many sectors of industry have to believe , and I would remind you of the BSE case .
We need to be more than ever , and more generally , and more generally , the wind on the wind , and therefore criticising the wind , but not through words , but not through words but deeds .
The present proposal is in the right direction .
I welcome the availability of flexible procedures for the establishment of the electoral system and the specific handling of exceptions .
This is the path to which the fishermen are taking account of the interests of the fishermen , but also on the possibility of other fishing posts , but also on other fishing grounds .
But , at the same time , I would point out that this is a step in the right direction .
In other waters , the problems are similar to the problems , even if it is still not so clear that the Irish Sea should have a strong signal .
It remains to be done .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures within the framework of fisheries policy , so that , not least , our action has a future !
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen for her comments .
Mrs Langenhagen has a picture of the level of levels of birth in the Irish Sea .
The Irish Sea , as Mrs Langenhagen said , is an example of the way in which the exploitation of water can be removed .
Over six years , the volume of cod has halved over only six years .
In 1993 , there were only 5 500 tonnes of cod in 1993 , in 1999 only 5 500 tonnes of cod .
If the transmission of cod in the Irish Sea is possible in future , then the regulation on 2001 is necessary , provided that the regulation on 2001 is also valid .
It is also exemplary for other regions .
The North Sea has had a similar situation in the North Sea .
Over the past few years , it has been the case that the total allowable catch has been halved and a new cattle platform for cod .
Since the beginning of the Wadden Sea , there has been a great deal of financial protection for the North Sea .
Another consequence of the pre @-@ programming period for the next few months is that the other regions , which have not been in favour of a ban , will cause fears .
For example , fishermen &apos; s fishermen are calling for the fishing industry to be destroyed in the North Sea - partly in the Irish Sea - a damaging impact on cod stocks before the troposphere and south .
According to fishing @-@ intensive fishing in these waters , people fear that these are harmful and demanding their own resources .
These fears are still exacerbated by the fact that the last week in Urumqui , with the opening up of a strong increase in the price of oil recovery , which , otherwise , would have been used to combat the prohibited species .
In the case of the introduction of measures , we must consider the negative effects on the other .
In a sense , it is ironic that we are in danger of protecting the fisheries resources in a region of origin .
To conclude , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March is crucial .
We must find the right balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy is a chance .
We must ensure that we adopt proper reforms .
I thank the rapporteur , even if he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson notes that this region will pay the dubious privilege of providing emergency measures to preserve the environment .
Such measures will take place in the North Sea , in the North Sea , and they are directed at the most effective way of protecting the electoral system during the end of April .
Why , after so many years , should we now have a common fisheries policy whose main concerns have to be conservation , the main concerns of the Irish Sea and the North Sea ?
We must accept the need for these short @-@ term measures , but we should also learn from the mistakes of the past , but we should draw up reasonable long @-@ term proposals for the management of fisheries resources .
In technical measures , such as Scotland , as the first has been introduced in regions such as Scotland , they must be coordinated and extended to all the latter .
Action must be taken in order to prevent the tide of ozone , which could lead to other regions and stocks .
The impact of environmental procedures must be carefully investigated , both with regard to the permitted catch of accounts and their effects on the entire food chain in the sea .
In the next few years , we will be able to expect a clear fall in fishing activities , and this means that many families and local communities in our textile lobby are extremely expensive , both in fishing and oil production .
As in certain regions , the recent new Convention on the economic and social consequences of the previous new Convention with Morocco will also have to take immediate action in the long @-@ term reconstruction programme for the electoral period in certain regions .
This gives rise to similar financial spending for these regions .
The revision of the CFP is a challenge , but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will actually work .
The best way to achieve this is that all those affected - fishermen , scientists , scientists , researchers and environmental problems are involved in the new fisheries policy in the new fisheries policy , so that we can prepare proposals for management , which are tailored to the needs of these regions .
Mr President , the biggest majority of the seas are largely surrounded .
People can not live there , but we are becoming more intensive .
Not only in order to achieve one of the other continent , but also to create a ban on oil to grow , other minerals , to grow and create excessive electricity .
mercury , lead and radioactive waste in order to combat animal health and to fish for human consumption .
Compared to coastal waters , housing and surface water , where the fish from the fish were removed from the fish , have changed fundamentally .
For a long time , the sea was a long time for a carcinogenic accident .
It is with ever more senior fishing vessels and an increasingly frequent technique of all its stocks .
This is happening in the sea hit in Europe , but ever more in the space of Europe , with the African coastlines .
I have before us before the Treaties that the European Union has closed with countries in the third world in order to fish there .
In the short term , this is a solution to the food requirements of Europe and , in the long term , we do not want to benefit from the poor countries , but it does not benefit from any side and does not benefit from it .
The need for fish increasing is rising , while the stocks of overfishing and pollution are losing .
Some fishermen still believe that the sea is still a turning ground .
Last week , I heard the Dutch television channel in a interview to say that fish were always paid to fish , which was always the case in the Bible .
In future , such statements , which are perfectly correct , should be taken more lightly .
It is therefore very much to be welcomed that times and sites are set up in order to recover the river , i.e. when and where no longer can be fished .
For the same reason , fishing quotas must be limited .
The rapporteur puts forward to the exclusion of cod in the north @-@ east coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland over the last ten years .
The amount of undeclared work is not even one fifth of those at the beginning of the 1990s .
The actual catches which are lower than the permitted claim have fallen to a quarter .
So little resources are available in the sea .
However , the rapporteur does not want to extend the fishing quotas less than 30 April , in order to extend six weeks between the fishing quotas and 30 April , and it criticised the considerable volume of volume of fishing during the river basin .
If they are to win the impression that Member States are able to gain the impression that they are not able to fish , governments from other countries are continuing to fish empty fish .
It will then be possible to withdraw measures and to permit more exceptions .
In this way , the attention of the need to reduce fishing quotas is at risk .
Because of the short @-@ term disadvantages , all debts are thrown down and resistance .
However , it is better to keep more areas for long @-@ term areas than the fish in the event of inadequate measures .
That is the reason for the North Sea .
Mr President , the continuity of cod is seriously endangered in various European waters .
The Commission is rightly proposing to safeguard these fish against eradicating these fish .
But precisely as the Commission has announced for the North Sea for the North Sea , the action for the Irish Sea is also transmitted .
The Commission &apos; s action is based above all on political viability and the competent scientific foundations .
In the case of the North Sea for the North Sea , this was an initiative which hits the Dutch fishing fleet mainly .
It is , in fact , possible to implement the Dutch fleet , and the Dutch fleet , which appears to be clear , is a good thing .
This is why the Netherlands and the proposed alternatives are not too applause .
There is a lack of environmental impact on the road transport market , not enough in the North Sea and not in the Irish Sea .
Fisheries is , in fact , turning into the open areas where they are likely to be located and young cod .
If fishing is transferred to areas in which large number of young materials are located , the measure will even hinder the transfer of the tobacco market .
Similarly , the North Sea ban prohibits the North Sea Sea Sea @-@ territorial fishing , where there are no hot fishing , in which livestock are transported , within the Wadden Sea and within the electoral process .
Acidified areas are also affected by the stocks of other species and fish stocks .
In the case of the Dutch State of State , Northern Ireland , the processing system for fisheries is a far greater price .
This plan , which says that all the stocks of cod , which are designed to eliminate all the stocks of cod , could save cod and to save cod .
What is at least as important is that this plan will be supported both by the commercial and fisheries industry .
The Commission , however , considers it to be politically absent .
In fact , your Department has led to the fact that cod will soon be able to find a European water , that is to say in a European water !
Unfortunately , Mr Nicholson has said in his report that unfortunately the Commission agrees .
It is clear , of course , that the fishing industry is immense , but it is still far greater if there is no recovery of cod .
The Commission will have to look at how the fishermen can offer financial benefits to the fishermen .
In order to guarantee the future , the Dutch fishermen are prepared to make the same readiness to do the same .
And now the Commission is still lacking .
Mr President , I would like to start by apologising to you , your predecessor and the House for my compliments .
My problems have already been cancelled at the early morning when my flight of cases to London was removed .
I am in favour of British British @-@ backed International and the excellent work of their staff , but I am in this position at the moment .
It was not my intention to inaugurate the House and I would like to apologise .
I have heard with great interest to Mr van Hulten who has spoken about the Commission &apos; s approach and on how good the Dutch fishermen have reacted .
Once again Mr van Dam should read my report , because I have not been criticised by the Commission nor the fishermen .
This problem is not easy to solve , but it is very serious .
The fishermen of my region were four years ago .
The second year is the second year with the support of zero support .
Finally , Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen , who are now in favour of a zero supply of support , I would like to say that the fishermen in my region have not only been ready , but also extremely positive .
You have worked with the Commission on technical measures and that they have taken this very seriously .
The deadlock of his fishing grounds for such a long period is not easily easy for the fishermen .
It is so difficult if there is no question of providing aid to the industry .
That is the point I want to highlight .
Whenever I come to the point that the Commission is going to submit specific proposals , whether or not the Commission is to present specific proposals , i.e. the Commission &apos; s national authorities are to take account of their ideas and we will be constructive in doing so . &quot;
The problem , however , is that the national authorities do not have serious proposals to support the fishermen in the region , and certainly not the British authorities .
It makes no difference whether one government or a Labour Government is a government Government .
Neither one or the other would have to offer real help to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take it into account .
The aim is to allow fishermen to continue the working environment , under controlled conditions , under controlled conditions .
If reserves are to be found during this period , the fishermen will be able to accept this .
It is quite right that the Commission should not approve the amendment .
This is regrettable because fishermen are working excellent with the Commission and are thus exemplary for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr van Dam said , there is a major problem here , and we need to ensure the future of the future , so that the fishermen have a future .
I hope that the Commission can take account of the very positive aspect that I have tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the doctor report show how serious the fish stocks in the waters of Britain and Ireland are .
The fact that the Commission considers it necessary to take immediate action in four different regions in order to save fish stocks in four different regions to save fish stocks .
On 15 February 2001 , on 15 February 2001 , on 15 February 2000 , the North Sea will be banned in the North Sea for the tobacco market .
In addition , as we have heard , the spread of Scotland and in the Irish Sea , as well as in the Irish Sea , has set up the drastic reduction in the total allowable TAC and fishing quotas , as was announced by the Council last December .
The common fisheries policy has been in its present form for eighteen years .
The taxation and quota system has led to the fact that large quantities of fish were thrown back in the sea .
More than two million tons of fish per annum , this is 25 % of total throughout the EU .
The system of the multi @-@ audit programme has also been completely failed .
Member States who try to comply with these rules will be punished , while other Member States are totally ignore the programmes .
The CFP has therefore seen its main objective .
They have neither managed to maintain fish stocks , and they have been able to guarantee the future of fishermen .
The more recent round of cuts and emergency measures are being squeezed up again by the industry .
On the basis of the measures taken to combat the accident hazards in the Irish Sea last year , the Irish Government had had to endure an arbitrary income rate of 42 % during the stages .
Regardless of this devastating crisis and the fact that too many fishermen are forced to live in the North Sea and the Irish Sea , this House has voted by an overwhelming majority in January by an overwhelming majority in January , with an enormous majority in favour of the abolition of the North Sea @-@ mile zone in order to have equal access to the North Sea and in the areas acting guerrillas .
Many fishermen in the UK and in Ireland look at these decisions as the last continent .
65 % of the European Union &apos; s total resources are found in waters around British islands , i.e. the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Why should we put our fish down and allow our fishermen to live in poverty ?
Last month , Parliament responded totally to the vote on the reports on the reports .
This could be seen as the drop in the tobacco industry , which may make it possible to withdraw from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of the stocks of the various species and actions of the various types of transport is still highly controversial .
- ( DA ) The Socialist Group supports the conclusions which our fellow Members have produced in his report on the Commission proposal for the introduction of the storms in the Irish Sea .
We know very well that in the course of the following years , the fishing rate must be paid in the course of the following years and that the most costly way of doing so is that the most costly way of transport is , and indeed , a great deal of time .
However , we also know that the transfer of a ship @-@ map in the port for a long period is a loss of jobs and numbers and many problems for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a high degree of balance and safety .
The sector often complains - and rightly so - that in the adoption of proposals by the Commission , it will not be ignored by the Commission , which is based almost exclusively on scientific opinions and everyday life .
I would ask the Commission to link the work of scientists with this daily , daily reality of the fishermen and to take account of the socio @-@ economic situation of the fisheries policy of fisheries .
All with a great deal of transparency and clearer explanation vis @-@ à @-@ vis the sector .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
I do not agree with the previous speaker in this respect .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed to which he has carried out research and work .
I appreciate very much how open and honest he has handled this issue .
He did not end up with the fishermen to the Irish Sea and they tell them that the European Commission should do them or to do it .
In his own country , the public has described the problem as he has done .
Our fellow Member has just quoted the Bible .
The Bible says , as you said , there will always be fish in the sea .
I would now like to tell you what is written in a rather more modern document on cod .
I quote the author of its book &quot; .
According to the fact that , in New York , &quot; sub @-@ commerce &quot; and navigation &quot; , it is not clear that there is no need for any further clarification , that is why it is not a matter of great correlation and one of someone who has had an area of information and someone who has arrived at 9 000 .
The end of the day was to say that mankind is never doing anything about this .
We have seen the opposite of both the Bible and the Channel from the nineteenth century .
Mr Stevenson is to be young in order to remind us of those who were excluded from my time from the Breton coastline - and I was extremely active at the time .
I say that the British - and I am saying this with great respect for all the Member States of the Union - to protect their fishermen when they were to protect their fishermen in the fishing budgets .
It is good that the United Kingdom &apos; s view in favour of the law of the road has changed in favour of its own resources , and I always have respect .
Firstly , the respect for Mr Zavvos who is a good representative of his people and I cannot accept any enthusiasm for the common fisheries policy .
I suspect that British fishermen is wrong because , when we look at the figures , the British fishing industry has produced its natural contribution to European fish .
The only one that is wrong is the Irish fishermen who are denied their natural share and who have never been allowed to exploit the sea .
In the sixteenth century , the British Government gave rise to a war which called for his victims to have a war which asked for the American coast to happen and which they have just returned to the American coast .
This is a old history .
But beware of the European Commission &apos; s fishing industry , the fault of the European Commission .
She tries to resolve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear first of all that in the next Strasbourg week we will have the opportunity to discuss the general aspects of the fisheries policy on the subject of the reform of the fisheries policy .
I would therefore like to say something about this and now only to the present report .
I believe that it is indisputable and it is certainly not wrong that we face cod in the Irish Sea with cod stocks .
It is no doubt wrong : if we want to protect the protection of the environment , there is only one thing we need to see and let us leave the resources at home .
That is why it is very important to close the time @-@ to @-@ date period before the start of the Transport Council , even if it is very painful , and even if that is the case for fishermen .
The urgent issue is still that the centre of this month begins .
I know that all the parties involved , and I would particularly like to thank the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , have made a very effort to achieve this objective in good time .
You will be voting on the report tomorrow and then so much time that we can achieve a decision in the Council and we have submitted the regulation on 15 February .
The Commission agrees with this report , and I would once again like to thank the Commission for its support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
I am afraid that this amendment must be rejected .
Why ?
In last year , we have carried out a series of interim records , exactly in the second half of the freight industry .
These attempts have clearly shown that the risk of cod is very great and that a great deal of cod will be created in this period .
However , we are prepared by the Commission , while the first half of the tobacco market , which Mr Nicholson referred to , namely that there is a specific observation system in accordance with Article 3 , which , according to the proviso , is that the activities are immediately going to be phased out when it comes to much cod .
We also know that this second condition , which I referred to , is linked to a certain risk , but with the observation system , we will be able to know exactly whether this exemption will be carried out by the first part of the year or not .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have made us redundant .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the presence of the President of the Commission in order to address it in a serious matter .
In France every year , the French European Union is taking a significant day , on 9 May Europe , which we want to bring about this year .
We have been trying to provide this movement for financial support since September , without which this day cannot be organised .
However , we have received no assurances about the payment of the Commission &apos; s intervention .
If we do not receive any promise by the end of the week , the French European construction should forego the organisation of the penal code .
I think that this would be a gross threat to our common concern which we all use .
Mr Prodi , Commissioner Prodi , would you like to give Mrs Berès these promise now or later in your speech ?
- ( IT ) Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details of the question you have raised , but I will give you a reply to you today .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has decided to apply the procedure without report to this effect .
I therefore give the floor to Mr Watson so that he can give us the position of this committee which he can give us .
Watson ( ELDR ) , chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the committee , which has been the honour to chair , is the importance of this proposal and the urgent urgency of its adoption before 25 March 2001 for a comprehensive involvement of the Nordic Union .
We would have liked to have been waiting for the Council to have been informed about this matter and not until the last time .
However , in the circumstances we believe that the vote should not be further long , and we are therefore proposing a procedure without report for the sake of a solution to the vote , which is why we propose to present the proposal in this plenary session .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion , we shall proceed to the vote .
( Parliament decided to urgent procedure )
Adoption of the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001
The next item is the joint debate on the presentation by the Commission on the presentation of the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the follow @-@ up to the European Council of Nice .
Mr Prodi , the President of the Commission , has the floor .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that a general debate on the European Union &apos; s situation is a good one once again .
I hope that this debate , in your Parliament , will also mark a step forward in the wider direction we have in 2001 .
Of course , many events and priorities , which I will describe , are , of course , a great deal of events and priorities , but the most important thing is that , at last , we have been trying to get the course forward which will lead to Europe &apos; s future .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to assess its actions .
It is therefore extremely important to me that the cooperation between the Commission and the Member States , together with the fruitful working relations between the Commission and the Member States , will result in concrete and tangible results .
So let us use this fascinating debate to make sure openly and openly about our achievements and our problems and to discuss what specific measures we have to do to ensure the real concerns of the European citizens .
However , we should like to see a detailed overview of the measures carried out in each of the policies involved in each of the policies involved in each of the policies involved in each of the policies involved in each of the policy areas , and I should like to start by addressing our main main priorities for the year 2001 and on our main main concerns for the year 2001 .
Allow me to start by commenting on the last twelve months .
A year ago , I informed the Commission that four strategic objectives have been set : firstly , new European decision @-@ making systems , and secondly , a competitive Europe in the world ; thirdly , a new economic and social agenda and , finally , fourth quality quality for all .
With regard to the implementation of life of life in Europe , we have published a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on requirements and basic principles in the field of telecommunications .
Furthermore , we have proposed the establishment of a European food authority which can be able to work on this year .
In addition , we have recommended the creation of a European food industry and the Erika disaster has been set up in accordance with the Erika disaster .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we have submitted detailed proposals for the Lisbon European Council .
In this way , the EU has now become a strategy in which the most competitive and dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy can be achieved .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent is in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
For example , the Commission has made vigorous progress negotiations with the candidate countries last year and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European decision @-@ making , we have entered the work into our White Paper which will be published in the next summer .
The Commission , in principle , has met its most important commitments last year and make clear and simple solutions .
Today I would like to tell this House how proud I am on the Commission &apos;s staff , which was connected with radical internal reforms .
My conclusion and we are well aware of the high requirements we have made to our staff , but they have been able to adapt to changing working methods and adapt to changing working methods .
Even if internal reform is not a political instrument , it is one of the Commission &apos; s priorities for 2001 .
After all , each organisation must adapt to new situations .
That is what we are trying to do .
However , it is essential that changes be made to be made , so little can be done to manage .
I am therefore determined to conclude the internal reform of all our commitments , following consultation and in a climate of transparency .
The Commission &apos; s political objectives for 2001 are laid down in the work programme which was presented by Parliament and presented to Parliament as soon as possible .
The key elements of the programme are crucial .
All these priorities are not a stranger to some extent .
It is the constant task of the Commission to take account of the fact that our action has been taken into account in the specific needs of the European citizens and to take account of their aspirations .
This is also the objective of the debate on the future of the Union , which I will still be discussing .
But let me begin by explaining the most important Commission action for 2001 .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our whole work of the Lisbon Summit and the preparations for Stockholm , we constantly have a goal : our children , a fair and cooperative Europe , by means of our children , a Europe which has a modern knowledge of the people of Europe in order to acquire decent skills and play an active role in the lives of their Community .
The Commission has drawn up a strategy for achieving this goal at the Lisbon Summit .
In the next month the European Council will look into the progress made by the Commission in Stockholm on the progress that has been made by the Commission in which we are moving forward , but we also have delays .
One of the most important objectives of our strategy is the restoration of the necessary conditions for full employment .
In this regard , we have already made an encouraging success : last year we have been creating 2.5 million jobs which have been granted more than two @-@ thirds women .
This is really a significant figure , but the problem of unemployment needs to be resolved in a few years &apos; time .
However , as we have seen in our report on Stockholm , we have made progress very slowly in some areas .
The people responsible in Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of the urgent need for Lisbon , for example , the Community patent , the programme and the liberalisation of energy and the gas markets : these programmes are vital for our future .
In addition , we still have a coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new sense to strengthen our efforts in some basic areas .
In our report on Stockholm , we have identified ten such areas , including just some of them - leading to the leading edge , the integrated financial markets , new skills and mobility on the new European labour markets .
In Stockholm , I will ask the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity to take the opportunity and do not be satisfied with the spirit of reforms which we have already agreed in Lisbon .
To give you a idea of our report , I would like to stress three of the suggestions contained in this report : firstly , the barriers to the workforce should limit the workforce from entering into frontier workers or mobility .
This requires more efficient tax systems , more investments in training and lifelong learning and specific measures in order to reduce the supply of water .
Measures must also be made to guarantee the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different sectors and states .
Secondly , for example , the reform reforms are developing .
Although the services have already made three @-@ quarters of our water policy , there is still no complete single market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a competitive process of innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I am sure you will have to clarify that .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a balance between our political actions so that everyone is concerned about resources for Europe , our wealth in the economic sphere , our wealth in economic terms and our environment for future generations .
In order to achieve this balance , we must find a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working towards such a strategy , which will be discussed at the height of the Swedish Presidency , at the Gothenburg Summit .
We are trying to make the more dynamic concept of sustainable development in precise and understandable terms and in concrete terms , and in concrete terms , measures which affect production and protect the public .
This will therefore be a strategy designed to promote innovation and increased investment in these areas , which also means the opportunities of leading technology to determine prices at a level where the cost can be set up for the environmental damage .
A long @-@ term political project project requires an effective prior consultation .
In order to make this debate , I have proposed that a major debate on these issues be discussed in the European Parliament .
The Commission &apos; s views of this House will really be useful in drawing up its final strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , and this proposal - and I say once again - must be precisely because the summit is otherwise a failure .
In addition , we have the intention to publish a pressure of confidence in the European institutions not only within the European institutions but also to our citizens .
Our objective is global , coherent and long @-@ term , for the design of European policy .
I would now like to address the Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world , and we have always made repeated signs of our citizens who are in fact willing to take decisions in this area if we want to protect globalisation for all .
In the short term , this means that a new round of WTO negotiations should also be a new round of WTO negotiations .
A new round of negotiations is in fact the best way to strengthen the multilateral system in which the liberalisation of the trade is linked to new , the needs of the trade in society .
In addition , we also need to develop in important new areas such as competition and investment , and the interests of the developing countries will be more in our concerns .
Developing countries are the key to this new process .
The trade policy must not be addressed solely by employers &apos; interests ; we must ensure that they benefit from the poorest sections of the world .
That is why we hope that the Council and Parliament will be voting in favour of our proposal this month , which will enable the 48 poorest countries of the world to allow all goods originating from arms and customs duties to the European Union .
We are also prepared to talk about the new American Government and the Beijing Congress .
Of course , President Fujimori has made his regional priorities , but I know that he and his staff have no underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , an additional milestone in the future is of course the introduction of the euro at the end of this year .
If the euro is at the face of foreign reserve rates at our shoulders , it will become a reality in our everyday life .
During the next few months , the Commission will work together with the Swedish and the Belgian Presidency in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : an event which leads to an increase in history and the lives of the citizens of Europe .
However , there is an enormous need for this , but we have not yet had a huge organisational impact on this .
However , it is not all welcome that the idea , a old and monetary currency against a new currency , is why there will certainly be some difficulties .
We must therefore make it clear to the public that the euro will give us all advantages and a strong , competitive economy .
Meanwhile , it is already the symbol of a European project which has been implemented by Europe at both time and time .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to conclude by addressing the question raised by the debate on the future of Europe at Nice .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice , despite its limitations , has , in fact , been a major advantage , firstly , and that is what is not enough , but there is no further obstacles to enlargement .
The second advantage is that it has opened up the &quot; post @-@ Nice process &quot; which can be opened through a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union .
In January of this year , I presented you to you , in the light of the declaration attached to the Treaty , that this process will be characterised by a &quot; open reflection &quot; .
This will allow the European Council to take the opportunity to take a second phase , which I have called for as &apos; genuine reflection &apos; , which I have called for to be a short @-@ term Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this is the right approach and I have the impression that this approach has now been supported .
Let me now turn mainly to the first stage because it will deal with us in 2001 .
In my view , the stage of &quot; open thinking &quot; , which we are already in place , is particularly important because the citizens of Europe are extremely important and very clear about the open behaviour of Europe , but it is becoming increasingly clear that Europe is becoming more than ever ever ever more important .
This requires a debate , and the men and all sections of society will be involved in order to expand and conclude the European Union &apos; s big project .
The second reason is in the wake of the Intergovernmental Conference of Nice .
What has been missing in Nice was a major strategic debate on expectations and for Europe .
It has been a long and wide debate , but there is no doubt on the main issues .
This debate cannot be postponed longer .
The third reason is that it is more obvious and I share the impression that we can no longer build Europe on a logic of a constructive &apos; constructive &apos; ability to be built .
We are now in a new phase , in which we must not be afraid of the basic issues .
Since 1981 , the Community has since been in a strict process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and harmonisation .
We have been aware of a generation which is shaken by our institutions and the old people of our countries , and the public has destroyed the same principles , and the public is doubts about the severity of our decisions and the appropriate course we have pursued .
We have taken historical decisions with which the unity of our continent can be regenerated .
It would be absurd , and even dangerous , if this unity were to be based on an agreement , independent pledges and the ulterior motive of ulterior motive .
So what is the point of a debate ?
In order to hold a debate on &quot; new &quot; , that is a question of constraint .
I have confidence in the corridors of our citizens and their elected representatives , even if we are going to hold this debate on a common level : not a debate on the electoral lists or other issues , such as those which have been elevated to our citizens , but rather a debate on the real questions which our citizens are asking for .
The question that our citizens are demanding is not the easiest thing : we must recognise that they do not support the debate on the institutions , which we have been continually talking about since Maastricht and which we have been seeing since Nice , that they have been engaging in the future .
I feel that the real problem is that , at some time with our Member States , we did not agree with our Member States , and we have ever managed to hide our disagreements behind the end of the minutes , and we have continued to hide them .
In my opinion , these contradictions are partly due to the fact that there were no hot discussion over the past couple of years , which was often at the heart of the debate .
We must at last focus on the core of the problems .
Of course , there is a different vision on the final objective of the European Union &apos; s final objective , of course , because , fortunately , we are different .
However , I have the idea that we can at least achieve some of the important aspects of our project .
This brings us to the heart of the fundamental issues which I would like to address in all the terms of the public .
For example , are we in fact agreed that we want to build a structure which is determined to build a power power , not just a world power but also a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the major challenge that we are facing and the future of our peoples is to claim that our nation states are very hard to claim their existence and identity in the world ?
Another question is : what are we prepared to do , social and economic solidarity with each other ?
It is not only in order to avoid artificial or the disintegration of the internal market , but because we believe that our peoples should be involved in a common project and , therefore , we believe that they should be involved .
One more question is : are we prepared to show the same solidarity when it comes to the concerns of our internal and external heritage ?
And will the environment continue to give future generations future generations ?
And , in particular , how can the citizens of Europe be able to protect our values of democracy , solidarity and justice ?
That is what I think we need to ask ourselves in the debate 2001 .
These are not institutional , but political issues which are to be developed and working together .
When I picked up this major debate and I do not expect these subjects to be elected , I do not expect you and the citizens who represent you , as it were , to discuss a debate which you represent .
We are talking about the background of the tremendous positive benefits which Europe has made over the fifty years of the Community &apos;s Community and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe which has created peace , prosperity , prosperity and most importantly .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , all Members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States have to ask us to ask questions and find answers to responses .
I would like to make it quite clear that this comprehensive discussion in which the civil society can be able to participate in its capacity is not accompanied by democratic representation .
Members of the European Parliament and parliaments are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account if all these ideas are to be handled and implement practical results .
We are now entering the second phase which will be unthinkable by the European Parliament and by national parliaments : firstly , the European Parliament &apos; s and national parliaments are also a relationship between the countries , but also a relationship between nations and a relationship between nations , and secondly , because I am not in the clash of the neo @-@ colonial division and imagination .
It is incumbent on all players , i.e. the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission , in the course of the year 2002 , to rethink this forum and will continue to be increasingly apparent during the year 2002 .
Through this interactive process , this dialogue between the European Council and the convention or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , I do not want to lay down that this is dangerous - and that is too dangerous - could be brought to the attention of all the institutional conclusions .
It will be clear that the discussion cannot be limited to the four issues raised in Nice .
Michel Barnier fully support me when he said , as before your Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that it is a matter of developing a definitive and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take its part and take up various initiatives : it has already done so through the support of the Treaties and the presidencies to implement a more stable and broader post @-@ ranging discussion , as requested in the declaration of Nice , and it will end up with the White Paper on responsible political leadership .
However , in this White Paper , you cannot expect any more radical approach to the approximation of the Union and the Member States , because that is not happening in the area .
However , it will help us to ensure that the instruments in favour of a genuine decentralisation of administration and means of means of better monitoring of the common policy are intended to improve the level of the common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , and I too believe that the European construction is the main achievement of the second half of the twentieth century .
This edifice was regularly drawn up by some of the new ones at the beginning of every new phase , and even ridiculous , or even ridiculous .
Now , we will introduce euro notes and coins at the end of 2001 , and I do not want to repeat all the developments which have been put forward in developing this project .
Nevertheless , today we are here , and we can all be proud of what we have achieved .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme 2001 , if we consider that this debate was delayed late and , because of Nice , there was no other way to go than this debate in February 2001 .
However , we hope for the next few years that we will have this debate in the autumn of the year prior to the programme prior to the programme before the year prior to us .
However , I would like to make a very pertinent word to the Council : I think it is scandalous for the Commission to propose its programme and that the Council of Ministers and the presidency are not represented here .
We cannot accept this !
This , however , illustrates where the shortcomings lie .
Foreign Minister travel to the world , which I am not proud of , because this is also her task as Foreign Affairs ; at the same time , they are also responsible for European affairs .
It is clear that we have to say that the European political level is not more foreign policy , and the European Union &apos; s role in foreign ministers - and the fact that the European Union &apos; s political decision @-@ making process is a new proof - is no longer perfect and we must change these structures .
We need individual people in the governments which only concern Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I call on a Council of veterinary experts which will then be able to keep up here in Parliament .
It is not by a number of great speeches from the foreign ministers of Foreign Affairs , but by the day @-@ to @-@ day work in Europe .
That is why we urge the Council of Ministers .
( Applause from the right )
We have listened to the fact that the President of France , Jacques Chirac , is calling for this public debate on the following @-@ Nice process , as President Prodi has also done so .
We want a broad public debate on the future of our continent , and Mr President of the Commission , as the Group of the European Union , and I cannot speak for the whole Parliament , are your side .
We would like to strengthen you as a Community institution because we do not believe that the Council of Ministers will help the Community institution and representatives of general interest .
You spoke of the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We want a little more specific .
Our opposition , the European People &apos; s Party and the European People &apos; s Party , signed in January of this year , decided that we should have an interim body based on the model of the Convention , which means that the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council will be involved .
We want to see in Stockholm this year in Stockholm and , finally , under the Finnish presidential conference in the Bundestag , there are already signs in this direction that such a conference can be launched in 2002 .
This conference would , as it were , be the most important public debate in Europe , as it were the nuclear and economic development system , and it should be launched at a conference of this kind .
My second point concerns asylum and immigration policy .
Mr President of the Commission , we call upon the Commission to make the policy for a common asylum and immigration policy , and this is because we see that national policy does not result in this .
Only a common policy can solve these difficult tasks .
Chancellor of an important country , representing the Federal Republic of Germany , has said that if you pursue the principles of asylum and immigration , then we can only move towards majority voting .
I would ask the Commission to succeed in ensuring that , if we agreed on the basis of the Treaties , we can also develop the majority decision @-@ making in the policy of asylum and immigration .
However , we are also asking the Commission to take account of the consequences of its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression of family reunification that you want to take into account a great deal of people .
We ask you to prioritise family reunification at the core of the core , so that we do not have any implications .
Overall , asylum and immigration policy must be an important area .
Third point : Europe .
As everyone knows , we will also have a common European currency in the hands of 1 January 2002 , as the Commission President rightly pointed out - that it is changing Europe .
But we must also strengthen Europe &apos; s competitiveness by ensuring that small and medium @-@ sized enterprises can invest in a small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
I believe we need to step up our efforts .
With regard to the question of the enlargement of the European Union , we are committed to the first members of the European Union until 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I urge you to provide a public service for information so that we can also convince people in our countries that enlargement is necessary and that the historic interest of Europe is the historic interest in Europe .
Allow me to say that we want a strong , deeper and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work together on this .
We are on your side when you strengthen the Community institutions .
We call upon the Council not to refuse to refuse to make its contribution , but in this spirit of Europe .
If we do this together , we should succeed .
However , the Council must fulfil its task now , following the Commission and Parliament .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , for the enlargement of the European Union , the Union &apos; s enlargement area is becoming increasingly important in a few years &apos; time , with our relations with the east of the east European Union .
From the point of view of the Union , the best way of strengthening peace in the region is to strengthen and strengthen further economic information on the part of Russia and Ukraine .
Unfortunately , this is what the Union has not yet expressed .
We are rapidly trying to find out of the economic conditions or the political will of these countries themselves .
But in cooperation with the countries of the southern Mediterranean , there has already been huge amounts and resources , even though results are still being made there .
permanence will also be taken in the East .
I notice that , in his speech , Mr Prodi did not just mention our relations with the east , which may perhaps not be possible in the wider report .
Over the last few years , investment in Russia in the Mediterranean countries is a tenth of what was channelled to the Mediterranean countries .
half of the total appropriation has been invested in all former countries of the Soviet Union .
This interrelatedness is not the relevance of the importance which the close to the close of regions with each other .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be precise and achievable .
The waste water scheme of some nine million is being launched in phases and in the neighbouring region , or in the neighbouring region , there are ill @-@ functioning installations in the environmentally sensitive , cosmopolitan and anti @-@ terrorist groups .
This has already been underestimated , sustainable changes of the natural balance and the state of affairs .
Mr Prodi calls for sustainable growth .
The growth rate in the region which is supposed to be pursued is a good example of practical cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
First of all , on behalf of my Group , I would like to welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , with which the legislative programme has been added to Parliament , on the initiative of my group as a prerequisite for the recommendation .
They have not gone through proposals ; it is contracts that have expired from the last year .
Let us remember that you have done 50 % of the programme last year .
We do not have to propose a great deal of time to comply with the rules .
I would also like to remind you of the fact that there was an agreement to present the programme with consultation with Parliament &apos; s committees in January ; it remains to be hoped that the deadlines will be better complied with in the next year .
I believe that the most important thrust of the programme is that the citizens &apos; assent to the European project is the sine qua non of its success .
We must get to grips with the problems facing our fellow citizens , for example the economic and social agenda which we are going to discuss in March , for example , food safety , the introduction of the euro as cash or the fight against organised crime .
My group specifically supports the proposal of the Commission &apos; s proposal &apos; all goods under nuclear power &apos; , which means that the 48 poorest countries should fully export .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
This is not the case that we are afraid of criticising us and which we need to ask ourselves .
One of the criticisms raised is the treatment of BSE through Brussels bureaucrats ; we should also point out that the Commission and Parliament have been fulfilling its duty for years and that we will continue to press for this crisis , not only on the effects of those responsible , but also on the need to respond to our fellow citizens .
For the creation of a single market does not mean that the creation of a single market is intended to protect the protection of the citizens and seek to profit towards the protection of the citizens ; it also means that there is a civilised and greater freedom of competition , in a civilised manner .
We should remember that , at the moment , it is only the virtue of deregulation and not by allowing the world to live in a civilised context .
As far as governance is concerned , as far as the issue of governance is concerned , there is a little more thorough discussion and good democratic technology which will allow us to understand the length of old and good democratic technology which will enable us to understand the embassies of thirty 500 years ago .
That is what we need .
We also need a Commission proposal on the distribution of responsibilities and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that everything should be put to a very comprehensive conclusion .
Mr President , you are giving you less general requests to civil society and you talk more with their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Member States of the Member States .
In my opinion , this year is not a matter of sustaining a neo @-@ fascist or individual interpretation ; we must consider the procedure and the method .
In this respect , Madam President , I believe that we must also make a clearer sense .
Madam President , I endorse my speaking time , Madam President , because I tell the Commission that it has the machine to make proposals .
Let us do it ; we will be able to strengthen a union that is absolutely essential in the debate , which we consider to be absolutely essential in the debate and to contribute to the future of European construction .
On behalf of my Group , I welcome this progress .
However , we are very concerned about the report which the Commission published last week in the wake of Stockholm in the Stockholm process .
We have set the high goal of developing the world &apos; s dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy in ten years &apos; time , but we are making slow progress as planned .
I am in favour of this Parliament , and I am not in a bad losers , but I would like to point out that I was one of the minority who was voting in the proposal on the liberalisation of the postal services .
All this is about us .
I am reminded of a history which is being told in the United States on the famous Mayor of Loriot , Richard arrests .
Following one of his remarks on the mayor he wanted to discuss the new grand objectives of his administration .
It is a mistake to be found against him in the fast fashion of his speech .
He promised that his new administration will be new .
In my opinion , we should be careful that in relation to Lisbon not the same errors , we do not undermine the other errors .
The message for Stockholm must be that we are faced with our commitments seriously and that we will be able to put it into practice .
We have made good progress in our efforts to carry out a viable approach to the Food and consumer policy in the last twelve months .
Much has been done , but there has been tangible progress .
In the field of trade and development , my Group supports the initiative : all goods import weapons .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself will meet with the sensitive problems of agriculture in the context of the World Trade Organisation and the debate on reform , we hope that these debates will not affect the development of trade in the field of trade .
This is an important European initiative , and I hope that the College will devote the whole process to the College of negotiations , regardless of the difficulties which may arise in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party considers that we must devote more attention to asylum and defence policy .
I congratulate Mr Vitorino on the work done so far , but we have reached an interim agreement in Tampere and I wonder why we still have so long to do with the definition of this year after so long .
With regard to enlargement , which my group is very dear to the Commission and to Mr Solana , I would like to say that we need to look at the issue of the Commission and to Mr Solana .
It is not just a question of the common acquis communautaire , on this point .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can apply the acquis communautaire and we do not see any problems .
It is about serious and serious political issues which we do not want to keep the time and attention which it deserves to encourage Cyprus .
With regard to the form of the legislative programme , I am pleased that the programme will begin to refer first to the committees of the House .
It is good that we have the opportunity to set ourselves with the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , this is not an understanding of a number of hot projects and he has mentioned a number of priorities .
But I was watching the programme .
There has been no hesitation in saying that we have to get down with a few warnings .
These 49 parties contain various initiatives .
It is very difficult to assess the real priorities and the areas which are very important to our political commitment , which is something we have to address in this case .
Something needs to change here .
We must change our way .
I hope that , in September , every initiative will be justified .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
Perhaps we have suggested some of the initiatives , but according to some practical points , it is not so important .
To what extent is this programme to the Commission &apos; s request to take the initiative ?
We cannot find answers to these issues .
I would , however , like answers .
This is not a question of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative on the Treaties , but the quality of quality control .
Finally , I would like to conclude by saying that , in order to reach an agreement and to conclude the debate until September , you would be acting as President of the Commission and Mr Prodi as President of the European Commission , and I would say that this is a good time before the European Commission and Mr Prodi : that is our priority for Europe .
What are you doing about this ?
So we need to tackle our work in a constructive and decisive manner .
Finally , a word on Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
We should be in preparation as the European Parliament in preparation for the full involvement of institutions in preparation for the smooth future .
My group could present the establishment of an Convention in which the European Parliament and the national parliaments like the Council are actively involved .
( Applause )
Madam President , my Group also supports the fact that , in this debate , we really are looking for central priorities and , as a matter of priority , we are looking at this business as a starting point to be forgotten in our daily work .
First of all , I would like to say that the greatest problem there is the lack of instruments that the Union can manage to ensure that it really is able to protect the challenges of globalisation , for example , are trying to protect the challenges of the globalisation of the globalisation of globalisation .
I should just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to adopt a decision on taxation issues in the future .
This means that we leave the market to the market .
We can influence the market on our taxation system , and this is of course an essential limitation to be built on what we here here than the European social model is based on the development of society .
The growth of growth has been mentioned here .
There is no doubt that we really need to fight against racism because we do not have to take any further representation and asylum seekers .
We all have a great public responsibility here .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , very often in this House we have quite strong words on citizens .
It has been said here today that the people of Europe have to be involved in decision making , but this will unfortunately be overlooked very often if it is .
I will now give a topical example here .
The institutions are trying to establish a monitoring centre which is to guarantee the right of citizens to be informed of the EU &apos; s decision @-@ making process .
I would like to warn all the Members of this House who are in the impression that this type of transport is mainly a regulation which is protecting the institutions &apos; confidential work , i.e. the opposite .
This is something we cannot accept and we must also discuss this issue .
This cannot be completely behind closed doors , as is the case at the moment .
Madam President , Mr Prodi , at the beginning of his speech on sustainable development , this is a very central issue for my group .
If we do not manage to achieve a sustainable development programme in Gothenburg , we have lost a chance which perhaps does not crumble away .
This is the way in which the Commission has a role to play and its attitude .
But it seems that there are always problems in this practical situation .
Today , the Commission will publish its White Paper on the electoral process , but I have reason to ensure that the short @-@ term interests of industry are well placed to protect the quality of industry as well as to guarantee that dangerous chemical chemical is actually covered by transport .
We cannot accept that if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously and , in particular , the Commission should listen to companies and economic operators which have recognised sustainable development .
The major reform of the agricultural policy is being discussed and we want to encourage the Commission to take a comprehensive stance , not just with small steps , but is not merely limited to a real change in the model .
If you will allow me , Madam President , I would like to say that the Treaty of Nice will certainly be the best part of the Treaty .
It contains a great commitment to Parliament and the Commission and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , the re @-@ assessment of this process , which is being re @-@ established .
My Group fully supports the initiative which you have proposed to include civil society during the next six months before the summit flies in this debate , of course , of course the national parliaments , and also the candidate countries .
It is with regret that I have taken note of the fact that , in particular , we will have to listen to the fact that the national parliaments should be satisfied .
No , civil society is something deeper .
We have to take them seriously and we should not allow an Intergovernmental Conference to be allowed to allow the national interests to be guaranteed , and that is everything behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , I have a few questions about reading the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , first of all on the role of the Union in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries should be continued in a more proactive way , in your document , in which the issue of 18 is more likely to conclude this year .
How can we do so if we do not have any bureaucratic information about the problems which the problems are to be resolved and on the basis of the political decisions that we have to take .
Apart from that , I believe that the concept of the Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , is characterised by all seven lines - particularly with regard to both seven and carbon monoxide lines .
The measures taken by the Union in these fields are also critical of any critical votes , such as last week on the 2 Euro @-@ Mediterranean Forum .
What lessons can you learn from such assessments ?
What has happened from the Union &apos; s development policy ?
For the poorest , you , in addition to the most remote measures , will be created in EuropeAid , in addition to the example of the US Aid System , and that it replaced with a view to providing development cooperation in essence .
With regard to the other countries , you will replace the Lomé philosophy with the logic of the WTO .
And today the ambition of Europe towards its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority , which I would like to put you to you , is the new economic and social agenda .
In this context , the Commission needs to prepare the conclusions of the so @-@ called structural indicators .
What role is the role of these indicators and all the social concerns , all the more so as to describe the quality of human development ?
For example , no social requirement for the Commission &apos; s assent to large large large large large large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future to prevent the recurrence of events such as Michelin , Danone , ABB @-@ Alsthom , video recordings and others , who announcement of excellent financial results with plans on the electoral market ?
Why are you proposing the revision of the directive on European Works Councils next year ?
In this connection , you forecast a White Paper on the subject of responsible political leadership which should include a partnership with civil society .
Since I have just got away from the Nobel Prize in port , I would like to go back with both the hands of the World Health Organisation , but I do not think that behind a political announcement , almost duplicate of a political announcement , almost duplicate all these guidelines , almost duplicate all these guidelines .
What steps would you like , Mr President of the Commission , to do next 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice will now be the way forward for enlargement of the Union .
This was the key objective of achieving it within the framework of the telecommunications industry and I believe that the forthcoming accession of candidate countries to the European Union was not more ambitious .
The key task of the current 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that the Nice Treaty is ready to implement early ratification of the Treaty of Nice .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force if the process of ratification is concluded in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note with interest that today &apos; s debate is under the banner of &quot; follow @-@ up to the European Council on the Nice European Council .
I would like to warn all those involved that there are considerable developments in the European Union to discuss considerable developments in the European Union .
This is really the central world which is currently within the Union .
Those who speak from an increased political integration within the Union are of course being ratified by the Treaty of Nice .
That is , of course , not the case .
The Treaty must be a very understandable form of the 370 million citizens of the Union and in a way that will ensure that it will be used to provide support and the good will of all our citizens .
This criticism is particularly directed at all those who propose to introduce complete federal structures in the European Union .
It seems to be Europe &apos; s competitors who feel that they are very good for us and we will make the necessary changes which the citizens will be grateful later later .
This does not work , however , the political researchers .
We are tabling proposals .
We will then try to win the European citizens in our respective parliaments or through referenda in terms of our proposals .
We , we support enlargement and to recognise the full right of candidate countries to join the European Union , now our citizens have to look at the importance of the provisions of the Treaty of Nice and its important political impact .
However , at any rate , the European Union should continue to continue the debate on new political developments in the Union until the Nice Treaty is not ratified by each Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I have heard some of the comments made by the chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the lack of institutional inequality of the Council &apos; s representatives in this House and , in a sense , critical criticism in the HIPC &apos; s Foreign Affairs policy .
In my opinion , this is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just spoken about the programme , as it were , as it were , as it were , a book of ideals , but it is different from other books , which Mr Prodi explained in his speech .
We are still talking about the basic problem , which has now been the discussion about the modern Europe , and the debate on the modern Europe has been described as a social model , which has been described as a social state , described as a social state .
It remains and remain whether we want a social state or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market and less markets ?
We have heard that in Europe last year there were 2.5 million jobs which have been granted to me in the last year in Europe , and Mr Prodi has truly presented us with a very great outcome , but Mr Prodi has truly explained the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs in the Union .
There are no unemployed in the South of the South in the South , but the Union could be able to overcome two problems in the near future .
I am also thinking of your comments on the internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that the Commission &apos; s passion are well @-@ founded , for example , on its internal borders , to the Commission &apos; s staff , to the Commission &apos; s staff , which are concerned about the cuts in the fields of ecotechnologies and for processes which could affect the positions of the employees and employees of the European Parliament .
Mr President , some Eurosceptics say yes to the Treaty of Nice , because the federalists are against protest against it .
Some federalists say yes because they are opposed to nationality , but for both groups there can be good reasons for one .
Eurosceptics need to be transferred to Brussels from the national parliaments to Brussels .
The federalists must be opposed to the fact that decisions by the electorate and elected representatives will be transferred to officials and ministers in the EU .
Nice means just less democracy .
We have all a common interest in ensuring a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
There must be an end to closed doors behind closed doors , the next Treaty must be negotiated by the representatives of the people .
The discussion must not only be public , but the public will also be directly involved in the discussion , in the countries where it is allowed to vote on it .
Against this background , federalists and &apos; fans can discuss the future of Europe &apos; s future .
What should be decided in Brussels , what will be decided by the national parliaments ?
The Group of the European Union , for the Europe of Democracies and Diversities , is creating an open , less extensive and competitive European cooperation .
We would like the majority of all decisions to be carried out in the Member States and regions .
The wealth of Europe lies in its differences and , for example , no need to change the EU &apos; s decision to change a position of self @-@ economic activity in search of local transport systems .
We are very well aware of this subject .
Finally , I hope that the Commission will be used to use a pluralist discussion between all different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on an oral question on an oral question on the follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice and the next Intergovernmental Conference will be convened by 2004 , which is how wonderful it is to start a new round of negotiations .
She and in particular the Commission expect - as its President has just indicated - the large European telecommunications team , which was opposed to the Nice Council and which immediately proposes the Charter of Fundamental Rights to be launched last year .
But if anything , or even less than anyone else wants to do something about it .
The idea of a European constitution depends on the idea of a European State which does not wish to our peoples .
- ( FR ) The Council of Nice must , moreover , draw attention to this idea as the objective of the future Intergovernmental Conference , because the future Europe does not need a future state with a constitution , but a network of nations which respects national democracies and a network of nations .
At the moment , we must consider the form of future debate .
It must be said that the Convention which has worked on the Charter of Fundamental Rights was a failure , because it is attacking responsibilities and ultimately presented a text which , in the light of the advocates of a supranational state , is not acceptable , but the whole of the tobacco industry is not acceptable .
The Intergovernmental Conference must , of course , be prepared in future , but in no way implies the convention in the state of the state which will lead us in another impasse .
With regard to the next Intergovernmental Conference , a debate must be held on the agenda and with national parliaments which will take responsibility .
In a second stage , the Intergovernmental Conference should only negotiate on credible proposals , that is to say that at least one quarter of the national parliaments of the Union will be supported by a quarter of the Union &apos; s national parliaments .
In this way , it would ensure that they are not being negotiated and that links with national democracies are being negotiated .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to discuss all the issues that the European Commission needs to address in a short document .
I will therefore confine myself to two main issues which I would like to take up .
Look at what is happening in the agricultural sector : we believe that as the European People &apos; s Party , we need to rethink the common agricultural policy and to clarify the scope of future strategies .
Let us just think about the financial burden of our budget on the financial burden of agriculture , based on agriculture or the issues of globalisation .
You have mentioned the proposal made by Commissioner Lamy , which is extremely important , but there is a considerable impact on the issues of agriculture .
We are also thinking about future developments in food production , in the field of conflict and biotechnology .
If we are to be able to accept the issue of enlargement and agriculture in certain regions such as the Mediterranean , we would like to know what the European agriculture model intends to achieve , and , above all , we want to see that this model will not be sacrificed on the altar of foreign policy sacrificed or , above all , to consider the altar of foreign policy at international level .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , which was the importance of a forum which we held last week .
There are still major problems with regard to the Mediterranean Basin .
It is our hope that a policy will be adopted in this area , which will give the southern area the same prerogatives to the south , such as the other areas of the European Union .
Mr President , President of the Commission , President Prodi
We have heard a great deal of praise today .
I would like to refer to your last words , including Parliament &apos; s role , as well as the role of parliamentarians .
Fine , good words , Mr President , but too little .
I would like to make a clear comment , in a sense .
This is the situation which is : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that the basis of a future Europe does not , in particular , constitute a future of Europe &apos; s future cooperation .
We therefore expect you to strengthen the parliamentary issue as well as strengthening parliamentary democracy .
In general , you will agree with this .
In fact , Mr President , if you were recently speaking in a discussion in the relevant committee , we should propose a kind of forum for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , all the members of Parliament , civil society , civil society , and I do not say if it is intended to introduce an such forum instead of the Convention .
Mr President , we want to see a Convention of parliamentarians in the European Parliament and national Members .
That is what we are asking for , and we are asking you for clear and clear support .
Mr President , I know that there is also the criticism of the Commission - directly and indirectly - that Parliament has weaknesses .
There are shortcomings in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses of this Parliament and Parliament must be strengthened in the strengthening of this Parliament , not necessarily any further consent by Parliament .
This brings me to the next point : you have also proposed that you have already proposed a White Paper to publish a White Paper on the issue of good governance .
Good governance is a little problematic .
I would like to say more good governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making process must be strengthened , and I am right .
We must also be re @-@ judged .
There is also a dialogue with civil society .
I totally agree with that .
We also have to do more than MEPs .
But again is the crucial question : is the inclusion of civil society a replacement to strengthen direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is the civil society in a sense of the willingness of parliamentary discussions and decision making ?
Here too , we must give a clear and clear explanation of Parliament .
( Applause )
In this connection , I also come to the industry because it is also a new &quot; &quot; E &quot; .
It is also the case that the tobacco industry will sometimes be confused with &quot; neo @-@ winded &quot; .
.
The decision must be made by Parliament , and the Council must decide upon parliamentary bodies .
Of course , we need to make this decision @-@ making in a transparent and public manner and not , as is the case , in the case of transparency , not transparent and not public .
We must enter into a dialogue and debate , and we must discuss the Council and its views , yes .
But we cannot disregard the sheep .
The Minutes which we may be able to control is going to be a framework for the future .
I do not think so .
It would be as if I were saying that the feedingstuffs industry and the tobacco industry should determine the rules for the self @-@ electoral scheme themselves .
That cannot be our position !
In this context , I would like to make one small comment : there is an increasing trend in the so @-@ called communication by the Commission .
In other words , what the Council and Parliament will decide , will then be interpreted by the Commission as as such as possible , as it may well be the different ones .
This is also a dangerous road .
The Commission makes proposals .
It has the right of initiative .
I accept that .
However , the decision must be made to the parliamentary bodies , and this must not be accompanied by a thorough assessment by means of clarification .
If then , the European Court of Justice is called on to raise this .
Finally , President Prodi , we expect a whole host of proposals from the Commission .
But we also expect the respect of parliamentary service , as we respect the Commission .
We expect you to be more enthusiastic about how we are to strengthen the interest in your interest .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has declared that the institutions should act responsibly , transparent and efficient , and it promised that he has promised a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start with improved quality of governance within the Union &apos; s work programme .
We should concentrate on areas in which EU @-@ wide action is essential .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity continues to be respected .
In view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a uniform European format for party Members of the European Parliament , I am referring to the possibility of introducing a single European format for this year .
In the case of any new monitoring system , we should also make a contribution at EU level , as Mr Clegg proposed , to ensure that the proposed measures are made in this House in order to ensure that the proposed measures comply with the criteria for subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , instead of taking the proposals in annexes on the actual document , you should add your speech to the European Union &apos; s situation in a detailed list of proposals , which is explained by each individual .
The proposals should be the result of a serious debate in the College of football and not just as with the points of the annex .
Our committee should evaluate the various Commissioners on proposals from their own competence .
We shall have to vote in favour of the text here in our plenary sitting .
Nice has shown that we cannot make progress at the intergovernmental stage .
Now we have to find clear arguments for a colourful Europe .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I agree with the demands for more specific answers .
The political unity of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
On the contrary , the peace sought is renationalisation .
In the past , Mr Prodi - I believe that it is very important to recognise - and I believe it is extremely important - the arrogance of the Council to become Europe .
They are of the nature of the parliaments .
Mr Prodi , the Commission &apos; s attitude is unclear and vague , especially on the issue of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found a critical word about the Treaty , but I hear that in my own country the Commission has a huge amount of crude water , in which the Nice Treaty is a historic breakthrough and success .
You have found critical words , but your Commissioner gives us a very strange forum of the debate instead of a debate rather than one .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you a very specific answer to the question : cuts in Parliament when it comes to asking for a monitoring system , and will it be the case that , in the event of the democratic democratic principles , the laws of the Nice Council and the division of the Nice Summit , such as the division of power , investigative and environmental conferences , public opinion and so on ?
Mr President , the Nice Summit was a retrograde step - a democratic democracy , more transparency , more transparency and decision @-@ making .
I therefore believe that the post @-@ Nice Nice Summit must be used to save the Union from Nice .
In the short term , I will mention four points which I think are important .
First of all , I would ask the Council to correct the number of seats in the Czech and Hungary the European Parliament immediately , to prevent discrimination from these two countries .
Secondly , there must be no need for renationalisation for the debate on the future of the Union - not renationalisation .
Thirdly , in order to break up the convention , which must also have the legitimacy of the Convention , which must also be applied to the legitimacy of the Convention , and fourthly , I believe that the Intergovernmental Conference should be given the right to take place in 2004 , at a time when the Commission and Parliament will not end up with full force .
Mr President , for years now , our priorities have not been met , or unless we do not achieve our objectives completely , or unless we have the bad political , technological and economic problems which we have to overcome , we are faced with more and difficult challenges .
The problem of employment and working conditions is still unresolved , and we must be able to meet our skills , both for the benefit of our people and the people of the candidate countries , and also of the people of the candidate countries , as well as the necessary structures , economic adjustments and political relations .
It is not a question of speeding up the process of speeding up enlargement , but in order to ensure that it is in keeping with the actual circumstances and the speed that is needed so as to ensure that this is a morally correct decision .
We must never lose sight of the fight against illegal immigration , the exploitation of women and children , drug addiction , drug @-@ exploitation and trafficking in human organs , but we must admit that the formal legislative documents do not meet any practical practical progress .
We are waiting for a European regulation to be used to use the Internet .
After all , there is no freedom without rules for breaches of national and international laws .
The revitalisation of the European Parliament during its last part @-@ session must be achieved as soon as possible , as well as the peace initiatives in the Middle East .
There is an absolute need for the remaining priorities at present for the other priorities : food safety and public health .
On behalf of the wrong assessment of progress and the illegal profit of some less people , the health of consumers and the food industry will be damaged and damaged by the whole of the farming industry .
The consequences will be devastating if we are not determined , rigorous and more timely .
Too often , governments have already had the last news on mad cow disease , anti @-@ Semitism or anti @-@ Semitic detention , briefly in all those who have proven not only as a trivial profession , but also to be found too late .
Mr Prodi , we call on you to ask the Council to make a rapid monitoring of the monitoring and monitoring system , but we would like to see more supervision by your presidency .
Mr President , we are faced with a number of open questions in Nice on which we need specific answers .
These questions concern the separation between national and European competences , simplifying the treaties , the status of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
The Member States are to remain silent ?
This issue is intimately linked to the European Union .
We must be quite aware that only the ability to achieve acceptance can be achieved in the public for the legislative and political decisions at European level .
It is therefore essential for the national parliaments to be involved more effectively in the run @-@ up to the planned Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as early as possible , in order to implement the customs powers in the Member States , and on the other hand , in order to remove any possible problems in the event of ratification .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , we are now producing a shot in the Treaty , the Amsterdam Treaty which we are now seeing at Nice must be resolved in the post @-@ Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Summit .
I think that we must also have a clear procedure for this .
The question is that it will only be a declaration of a declaration which will be adopted in a convention , and will fifteen people be treated as in Nice .
I believe that we need to be clear about this , in terms both of the method and objectives , where it should not be in the vanguard .
There is also a need for discussion , as almost all the Heads of Government say , after all the Heads of State , that the decision @-@ making process may be a bad one , according to which methods may even be resolved before the post @-@ Nice procedure , for example , in which methods are still resolved in the past .
Furthermore , this method is also the way to delay enlargement .
Enlargement is the second major issue which we have to do and we must fulfil our historic duty .
This leads me to the third issue .
We must see that transatlantic links are now not being blocked in new security discussions that the Americans do not understand us with our collective arms and defence initiative and we cannot understand the Americans with their arms industries .
Firstly , I think we can say that enlargement is our main own security policy .
Secondly , if we develop our own skills , this part of NATO , which will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
I believe that this will allow us to create the conditions for a transatlantic competition market .
Today &apos; s current president of the American President , Robert tribes , is the author of the transatlantic 1980 of 1990 .
I would ask you to return to these tradition and to make a narrow turn .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to make three brief comments .
Firstly , at the first stage , not only the public debate - the remarks made by Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok on this - I agree with the first stage of sabotaging proceedings .
My very clear question to you is that you are prepared - and will the Commission be prepared to embody a joint Commission proposal this year for the paralysis in 2001 for the paralysis in the process of &quot; continuous consultation of the process of &quot; continuous @-@ Nice &quot; ?
That is the first question about the method .
With regard to the second question , I welcome the fact that you have talked about the involvement of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and national parliaments .
We want a convention to be carried out for the further adoption of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which is responsible for the public debate , i.e. a clear proposal for the public debate , and at the same time a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and the issues which will have to be negotiated in 2004 .
The third question concerns issues .
Four subjects are envisaged , which is in order and feasible , but we all know that not only these issues need to be looked at , but that , in 2004 , there is a great deal more at stake .
I would like to advise all of us that we get away from this strange term &quot; post Nice &quot; .
It is not about &quot; Paris Nice &quot; .
Nice is not only the end of a method , but Nice is also the end of a era , the age of the European building of the fifties , 1960s , seventies and eighties .
The aim is to create preparation for a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union of the 21st century .
It is not a question of &apos; continuous Nice &apos; process , but it is a question of the fact that we need to see a renewal of the European unification process .
If we are to reassure the public , if we want to win the public debate , then it is not enough to take a &quot; off @-@ Nice process &quot; , but we must make it clear that a new European Union has changed a new European Union in a new Europe which has changed since 1990 .
Mr President , allow me to start by expressing my great disappointment at the fact that no ministers of the presidency are present on this important debate .
President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , in the middle of Nice , it is clear that the compromise reached behind closed doors is the correct limits .
It has been restored and has resulted in a broad social debate on the objectives of Europe , its future and tasks .
That is a good thing .
The promises are committed .
But how should this be done ?
If the citizens of Europe are to take part in the debate on the future of the common European project , they will also be able to take influence .
Is the Commission prepared to include proposals and ideas ?
In this case , it means that the EU will change , open and simplified .
We know that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will they obtain that ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues in which the citizens want to see a strong , dynamic and dynamic EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to provide these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of Nice are unfounded .
We know that there is a general expectation that the Union has far too many details of the matter .
If the Commission is prepared to give a clear content of the principle of subsidiarity , the Commission is prepared to make a clear content of the very famous principle that we all pack up to all of us in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The EU &apos; s citizens and the national parliaments and of the national parliaments , of course , and this Parliament , must be given a real influence on the method , the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how ?
This is the big question that has been raised in the air and all colleagues have raised .
After what happened in the year 2000 , Mr President , it is difficult to agree to you , Mr Romano Prodi , when you explain to us , your programme and the year 2001 .
We could believe that , after your programme , we could not imagine that this is a serious and far @-@ reaching problem at all .
In their proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs make reference to the new economy and millions of new jobs , without taking into account the need for these jobs to be created in the most vulnerable areas , which are at the highest level possible .
Neither is the economic and financial problems which need to be taken in the necessary enlargement , even the tragedy of immigration from the Third World and the tragedy of immigration from the third world , which has taken place in Nice , which is the most vulnerable one in Nice .
There is no doubt about the very great disappointment at Nice , and in this context it does not hide the fact that the countries of the European Union have no more direct democratic decision on the European Union or the Vice @-@ President of Nations nations without a state of affairs and judicial personality .
Mr President , Mr Romano Prodi , the Commission should not go back to the fact that , at the moment , the European society has to face a process which must lead to the adoption of a European Union constitution .
It would be good if the Council , the Commission and Parliament adopt the initiative that is being taken by the citizens , which calls for the citizens to be asked .
Mr President of the Commission , the Eurosceptics have disappeared .
They have been subjected to tough force in this House , which concerns everything in Nice , which concerns everything in Nice , and their own failure , which has unfortunately shown that it has not learnt from past political arrogance , which has unfortunately shown that they have not learnt from past .
However , the enlarged European Union needs to be fully aware of the fact that it is not easy to come from the Treaty of Amsterdam to the Treaty of Nice , and if the year 2004 , new disappointment has happened .
Europe needs another strategy .
The majority must be prepared to find a lack of prejudice .
It is good enough that it failed in Nice .
Now , it is clear that it understands the understanding of what struck there has been the most inactive of the people who have taken place there and the real reality of the peoples .
This is the question of what we need , but also to speed up the issue of speed .
If one wishes to force a state and political superstructure , it is not even a European people , but not even a European public , but not even new disasters .
Greater centralism , fewer democracy .
Naturally , the people are acting against it .
No one wants to make a sense of democratic quality which is in its own country , in the field of language and culture , where it is close to power , which is close to power .
If we do not understand that if we are not prepared to get more to listen to the conduct of the national parliaments , if we do not want to do so by the national parliaments , we will not be able to do so if we do not want to do so , if we do not want to take Europe away from the Nice debate , that is to be regretted , as is the case on the basis of the Nice Summit .
It would also be natural if the federalists continue to continue their close thinking in theoretical terms and undermine the same disappointment at the Nice and Nice Summit .
What is being prepared is the marketing and what is happening .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with nations on the basis of the nations , and no more that is being developed by the peoples .
More than a European debate , we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , national debate on Europe , without prejudice and ambiguities , which are clear on the table .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the absence of a specific programme for the Commission to prepare for the forthcoming institutional reform is met with concern as you have noted .
It seems to us that we should await the guidelines of losers in order to move forward .
However , the debate on the future of the Union has been launched for months , with speeches from different Heads of State and Government , and Parliament is already active .
The passivity of the Commission , if they were to confirm , would be extremely serious in this unusual stage because we all know that it is a great responsibility : it is the guardian of the penal code .
And this responsibility must be reflected in concrete proposals and does not appear in vague reforestation on a White Paper or other dossiers .
However , I am very pleased that President Prodi has expressed his support this morning for the explanatory statement he gave in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that the proposal was not a retrograde step in relation to the last Convention , but the desire for a better functioning convention .
But if that is the case , what should the name be changed ?
The Europeans are now aware of what a Convention is and has been able to review its transparency and the results of the last Intergovernmental Conference .
His opponents do not reject the name , they reject the Convention .
Let us not , therefore , give our wholehearted support to the environment and the public , so that Parliament and the Commission are concerned .
If we are not able to go back to those who do not want democratic and transparent Europe , it is not a democratic , diplomatic Europe .
The Union does not need the Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission : what we are asking for today .
Mr President , if we want to enter into the debate on the future of the European Union , we need a solid institutional summit .
The proposals which you have made this morning will allow us to follow up this morning , Mr Hänsch - to restore the natural union which has to exist between our two institutions , which must be successful between our two institutions in the context of the institutional society .
But if we want to make progress on this path , it is not helpful to denounce the Council &apos; s behaviour .
We need a strong Council , we need a strong Council of institutional responsibility .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any modification of the Treaty .
We should be able to support the initiatives in this respect in the Council , instead of believing that we regret the absence of the Council , as Mr Poettering has just done .
My second point concerns the White Paper on responsible political leadership , which we await with impatience .
We are taking note of the debate on the debate , which will be based on one of the points covered by Annex IV .
But I would like to draw your attention to an aspect .
You have indicated this morning that you want a Europe to become more citizens .
We believe that if we want to make progress here , there is real improvements .
We are in our constituencies , in our constituencies , constantly hear what difficulties exist when we are looking for projects with the Commission .
The long @-@ windedness of the procedures , the concentration of projects can be desired in this respect .
The third point relates to the debate on the future of the Union .
I think that you have presented some elements this morning , which will enable us to start dialogue with good conditions .
The question must , of course , be called upon ; the institutional questions will then be taken later .
Of course , the European Union &apos; s political clout , the issue of solidarity , and the issue of solidarity , is of crucial importance to the social model , which is of crucial importance to the willingness to live together in the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are pleased to note that you have taken the idea of taking the four partners into the decision @-@ making process in the run @-@ up to the four partners in the Convention .
There must be a distinction between the management and the bodies of the bodies .
The Convention must remain a more ambitious body because the experience of Amsterdam and Nice is not enough , because the decision of the Convention is not enough because we would prefer the Convention to do so and because we are convinced that all proposals can be drawn up in this framework .
There is no separation between the issues of human rights which could be discussed in political bodies and , on the other hand , issues relating to institutional bodies which only were reserved for diplomatic bodies .
Nice has shown that the Convention would make it possible to make it possible to move faster and more rapidly and to reinforce our common working methods .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I thank the Commission for its splendid use .
But now is the difficult part .
The aim is to keep pace .
The first enlargement will be completed in Copenhagen , in December 2002 .
This is the Commission &apos; s objective and we take it on board .
I would like to call on the next beneficiaries to keep in close contact with the candidate countries and to help them in good time .
But , Mr President , it is not just the candidate countries which have to adapt to us , and we must adapt to them .
A EU with 27 Member States must learn to concentrate their forces on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
We are not currently doing this at the moment .
You said here in Parliament a year ago , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union of all - I quote - is &quot; derisory language &quot; - and I quote - whose administration has been assigned to the Council of Ministers and by Parliament .
You have said the words &apos; ridiculous language &apos; on several occasions , and you are right .
It is time to do something about it now .
Let us be a more innovative one , but also more EU !
Take us to do so too many things !
I suggest that you , Mr President of the Commission , do so on a courageous Commissioner , and that the Conference of Ministers &apos; s national parliaments and the European Parliament should be authorised to reject legislation which violate the principle of subsidiarity .
In return , there must be a strong Commission , so that the Union is able to act in the rest of the other areas .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is a spectre in Europe .
It is the spectre of the deaf .
The trend towards Taiwan &apos; s approach - the Council - has gone into the Nice impasse and this question , Mr Prodi , is the natural ally of the Commission .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
If Parliament , President Prodi , sometimes sometimes the Commission &apos; s delay , this does not mean that this does not discriminate against the Commission , but it is not a strange word of our democratic persuasion .
In the case of doubts , we are closer to this and does not divide ourselves .
National parliaments have been addressed .
I call on a convention and not an forum to prepare for the next steps , because the Council of Ministers , the Commission , Parliament and the European Parliament have a democratic mandate .
We must not shy away from the code of so @-@ called public groups .
It would be important if this were to be said in the Commission .
Moreover , we must reflect on the role of the national parliaments in the process .
It is important for the Council to monitor the Council .
That is their job .
You have no toilets with the Community institutions such as the Commission or even Parliament .
So if we are concerned about the participation of national parliaments , they must be asked in the legislative process of the Council .
They cannot limit the role of the European Parliament .
We are also giving great store by these clarification .
The Commission &apos; s work will be on asylum and immigration .
We are not going to draw up a European asylum and defence policy , but , as Mr Vitorino rightly said , individual directives .
But we need a common approach , which is still lacking and which the Commission needs to make .
To this end , and here I represent a similar position , as the Commission will take , a broad and open debate , more than anything else , is more than a consultative body which would be based on a broad basis which would have the necessary changes .
This body could , in turn , be included in the Convention of the Charter of Fundamental Rights also by representatives of the European Parliament , the national parliaments and governments .
The results would then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
We would , of course , look at the four issues raised by the European Council , including one issue which is in essence with the Commission &apos; s White Paper on sound governance .
I would like to know how the Commission is going to bring the closer links with these two processes , as it is a procession of Damocles .
On the other issues that have to be raised , the future of the High Representative , and the question of enlargement of Parliament &apos; s powers to all legislative procedures , should also include all legislative procedures , which are currently the cornerstone of a anomaly .
We must also look at the codification of the Treaties .
I would urge a special procedure for this .
This year , we should be able to reach a committee of experts from experts and the institutions which could complete a task of codification and simplification of the Treaties so that the political work can begin on the basis of an simplified and correct text .
This would be the case if we were to do the job and we could be looking at all the political work .
That would be my proposal for further action .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is political and not intended to prepare the Union for its enlargement .
The main issues are intended to take account of the fear of the Member States &apos; right of decision @-@ making in Brussels , but it will be a further aberration in the way of the Member States .
A final division between European and national competences is not possible .
Cooperation is not an electoral policy but a dynamic process .
Issues which were deleted , such as the euro , can prove to be a realistic target later .
The criterion is the social necessity and this cannot be substantiated .
A forum to be discussed on the future of Europe is an excellent idea , but it is an excellent idea , but the result has already been established at the outset .
With regard to this future , there are totally different ideas in the individual countries , in political parties and even differ within political parties .
Whoever wants to regain the citizens &apos; confidence in Europe must ensure that a re @-@ nationalisation of political structures , which implies a political structure , does not constitute a renationalisation of policy but a strengthening of the political institutions of the Union .
These issues are included on the agenda so that it would be a good thing .
Mr President , I would like to begin by giving a floor to the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before has been done in a broader or clear manner to ensure that the EU is less than doing less .
This will also be the conclusion of the European Parliament in the coming weeks , if its committees are to deal with this programme .
In view of 600 initiatives which are nearly 200 to die , there are very much to be done in the same way as to set our own priorities .
When I come now to the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see him , under the point of view of the European future .
We look back to the history of the European Union in recent decades and the European continent of the last century .
I should like to say from Milan of incidents from Milan that he says from Milan that he says : &quot; The people in which he says : &quot; People are saying that they want to see a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a lesson that nobody wants to see , while the past has met the lives of life , while the past is faced with their face and insulted , so that we would destroy or abandon them .
The people of Europe want to be able to change the past . &quot;
Well , we have changed the past and Europe is totally different from the Europe of West Rights .
The four following the four following the Treaty of Nice are neither irrelevant nor irrelevant .
Our position on the key issues is clear .
We want more involvement of the national parliaments , a more systematic basis for the national parliaments .
We would welcome a clearer separation of powers in the Berlin declaration of the European People &apos; s Party last month , provided that it is not a pretext for strengthening the centre .
The simplification of the Treaties should also be used in the public interest , but this should not be used as a pretext for the introduction of a federalist European constitution , especially if it is intended for a federalist state of fundamental rights with a legally binding Charter of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve a wide public debate as possible .
Despite the fact that there was more open consultation in the past , the officials of the individual States were at the end of Nice and the Maastricht Treaty , in the end of Nice and Maastricht .
This change must change in the next phase .
There must be genuine consultation of civil society , which is expression of the cultural and political openness we want to promote .
Mr Corbett raised the floor .
I would like to quote myself rather bizarre to quote society with thousands of innocents .
Our debate on the EU &apos; s institutional future must be limited to all society and must not be limited to the limited resources of the political world of Brussels ; we must instead use the democratic potential of the Internet and the same public use .
The EU must act in a truly open society .
People must have a say , including those in the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new date for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The year 2004 , Mr President , is a timely time and the Commission is not going to be able to propose a few things to be replaced by its changeover and there is a European elections .
In 2003 , the elections for the European Parliament will give the citizens the opportunity to express their approval or opposition to some of the important decisions taken by governments , or the enlargement of enlargement , and that enlargement will have a long time now .
These are the important questions .
One of the key questions in Great Britain , as well as elsewhere in other countries , is the future of Europe &apos; s future .
In the light of a Council of Ministers and the Commission , they are taking the wrong turn in the face of a situation in which Europe has been separated .
In the light of the forthcoming elections , the message in Great Britain could be made clear : only the conservatives can guarantee that the post @-@ Nice process is capable of finding the right solutions to a successful Europe .
In order to achieve their European future , most people in Europe would like to see the people of Europe , as the British , that they live in Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I would not like to quote myself , as well as the previous speaker , but not to quote himself .
As draftsman of the verbal Law of &apos; light &apos; by &apos; light &apos; , it was said that , in the shadows , it is not the same thing .
Every fifth person in the world has no access to clean drinking water , medical training and basic training and basic training .
The European Union , which is not just a trading block , but also a human system and a human system , could make an important contribution in this area .
In the last year , the agreement reached between the Commission , the Council and Parliament in all regional planning projects in all regional planning projects , the Council , the Council and Parliament &apos; s budget in all regional planning projects , is doubled , as well as basic education , and not on the other .
They have set targets and additional staff .
The Commission &apos; s views make it clear that work is being carried out and not so much , and that we will be able to make a more effort to achieve a more direct results in areas which are also very important to development .
In this way , Europe could send a great signal , which shows that the social sector is not just as much as possible , not only within the world but also the main concern .
I hope that the Commission will present a good assessment of this year .
Mr President , the Nice Summit has not been a success . I am sure that the Nice Summit should not be admitted to those who believe that Europe should come into play .
In this respect , it is not further surprising that a discussion on the post @-@ Nice process has been implemented .
This debate should - and this is of paramount importance - to the Commission - in the end - is at the end of the day at the end of the day .
This House has now adopted the initiative for an interim report and for a final report which , at the end of the year , is to be presented at the end of the year , i.e. to be presented to the Laeken Summit .
In spite of these work , it is appropriate to make some changes now .
That is what our Group is doing in this debate .
Firstly , the main integration of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to make the right content to the agenda .
It should be the first priority for democracy in the Union .
The mistakes that were made in Nice by qualified majority , but with a qualified majority voting , is unacceptable to the European Parliament , which is unacceptable to the national parliaments and the European Parliament .
It needs to be corrected .
Secondly , the very complex decision must be changed .
The new rules are no longer available to the citizens , and it cannot have been desirable .
In my opinion , there is no risk of discussion in this debate on a clear separation between national and European powers .
It would be even better to establish a clear distribution of tasks and the European Constitution .
Thirdly and lastly , Mr President , Mr President , we must go back away from those ceaseless , mainly by officials intergovernmental .
Far better is the most effective way of framing the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I very much hope that the Commission will withdraw its proposal for the establishment of a forum because such a comprehensive body is unable to take the right decisions .
A convention also provides the advantage of including the national parliaments .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I am not going to say anything about Nice when no one listening .
The chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party has spoken earlier on that he is not listening .
I look forward to the Commission &apos; s proposal on foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects , geographical and content .
In fact , I agree with the most part of the Commission &apos; s geographical pledges , to one point : there is no mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and I hope that in the future we will be the most vulnerable and stabilisation for Palestine and the region .
I do not think it is enough to have a process which takes any form of political content .
We need a different role to play in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We expect that not only as a job of the Council and the CFSP High Representative , but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
Our Parliament welcomes the development in this field in Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but I would like to pick up with my colleague , Mr Nassauer , the spectre of Europe , a spectre of the spectre of Europe , especially in this area .
Our Parliament wants a common and no single European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged to strengthen the Community &apos; s reform of this policy .
You want to make a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention , and this is a good thing .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have a request to ask you : please with the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , please with the President of the Commission because he is unable to listen , and I am certainly happy to listen to it .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his report today and on his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role of the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights in this report , and I congratulate Commissioner Vitorino on his important speech .
The fundamental rights of the European Union , Mr President - we must now see how we included this Charter into the Treaty .
Fundamental rights are , of course , precisely to defend those who violate them within the European Union .
I therefore believe that all those initiatives which refer to the third pillar are of fundamental importance for this Parliament .
The chairman of our Group , Hans @-@ crazed Poettering , and many other speakers have already expressed this .
For us , the stage of the communitisation of the Treaty of Maastricht in the third pillar is extremely important .
And , in my opinion , this is an initiative which the Commission has set out in its preliminary report and which we attach great importance to the European search for this .
I believe that in the European Union we should not have a place for terrorists , for those terrorists who died yesterday in Madrid who died and attack attacks on the lives of people who died from European citizens .
Mr President , I am sure that this initiative , one of the priorities of the Commission , will soon become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to continue along this line .
Mr President , unfortunately I have to repeat the statement which I found earlier last year that our Union is lacking .
This is not a letter to President Prodi or the Commission , because the Commission is undoubtedly working , or perhaps I would like to say more .
It is , moreover , in fact largely too many .
No one is more in the situation , all the Commission and the Commissioners put forward by the Commission and the Commissioners , let us see a premises , let us see a premises .
This is the first conclusion : we should do less but better .
As President Prodi pointed out this morning , we must not be able to do so this morning and not to do the same .
It is imperative that we establish what is done in our Union , i.e. the principle of subsidiarity .
The Commission must not , even if it is justified , not the decision of a national parliament to build a motorway , not the decision of a regional parliament to build a new railway or the decision to build a visa system , because that is under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning ; he asked the right questions , but it is not his job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right of initiative , it must make proposals .
My time is not to continue to continue this debate , but I must say that if we want to build the new European house , we need not only economic and economic certification but also , above all , a architects .
I hope , Mr President of the Commission , that you will be the architect .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for your presentation today , because your comments have been a decisive discussion , and we have tried to make a response to what we want to do as Europe .
In this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important part in this discussion , in which all unification policies and all Europe &apos; s tendencies are complementary separately .
And , since today &apos; s discussion about everything else , there was a great deal of acknowledgement , second- and size of former politicians , and I would also like to see a reference to all the political political leaders of Europe .
I am referring to my dear sentiments from the &apos; letters &apos; from prison to the people who have had to be persecuted from the people who have to be persecuted to the people of the people .
Mr President , in fact , I was in fact pleased to see that , at Lisbon and Nice , it would be hoped that it is hoped that employment , economic and social policy measures are planned for the Commission &apos; s work programme .
We need to make balanced progress in the internal market , competition policy and social policy , but this is not the way forward for the Commission &apos; s programme .
I see a reference to these policies .
In the field of competition policy and the internal market , for example , the merger regulation should be supplemented with regard to the rights of workers including their social rights , including their social rights .
I would have been very interested to hear the recognition of these China &apos; s relations .
In the field of economy and the internal market , developments are progressing more quickly than in the social sphere , which can easily lead to an imbalance .
I cannot , in the Commission &apos; s work programme , have scarcely seen any references to the agenda in Nice in December .
We can see further progress in the field of open coordination , which is now supposed to be established in terms of employment and in various ways of social protection .
I would also like to address a fundamental problem here , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs are not available to Commission documents in time .
With regard to these new forms of open coordination , we must respect the usual rule of cooperation .
Furthermore - and the final conclusion - the Commission &apos; s work programme with its promises to present a Green Paper on social responsibility for companies by the middle of the year will be a Green Paper .
A Green Paper of this kind must come to the thousands of workers who have been victims of restructuring in recent weeks victims of restructuring .
The legal framework in this area needs to be revised and I hope that the Commission will react quickly .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we think it is very positive that you are also making measures and initiatives which the Union will make in the direction of developing a development programme in order to achieve more development in terms of asylum and migration .
However , I would like to call on a few basic points : we expect the consequences and that you are also waiting for your initiatives to take any contradiction with previous initiatives .
I can tell you one example of this care - but there is one example of what the President referred to as the proposal for a family , which is being discussed by the President on the basis of migration policy .
For family reunification , the spouse , the spouses , minors , is a very positive measure in the interest of a integration policy which we fully support .
However , if you are under the same heading , those who are supposed to receive the right to nominate a year in the Union , then you do not appear to take account of the consequences , and also in contradiction with your communications with a future migration policy .
Furthermore , you will take the right to decide the Member States the right to determine what and how many people in the European Union could be able to choose what you can do .
Mr President of the Commission , we want to support you , but it will be possible to do so if your initiatives are not contradictory and if initiatives are resolved , and will not lead to new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that we need a knowledge @-@ based economy in Lisbon .
I am pleased that Mr Prodi has focused on the priority of sustainable and sustainable development whose effects are far beyond the natural environment .
We welcome rapid developments in the energy sector , despite the fact that the danger of a gap between the energy policies and the aim of sustainable development is to be welcomed .
I hope that you will be consistent with the use of renewable energy sources and energy saving .
As far as trade is concerned , we also believe that a new WTO round should also be taken into account .
At this point I would like to remind Mr Prodi of our deep disappointment at the fact that the European Parliament has failed to include more in commercial matters .
I strongly urge you to prepare an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe that reform and democratisation of the WTO should be carried out .
We believe that all goods products are a good step , although some of us regret the delays that we are trying to end up with the least developed countries of the world , which would lead to our commitment .
In the field of innovation and research , we are with interest in a detailed Sixth Framework Programme .
Serious and vague proposals will not be slow and slow to implement implementation .
Needless to say , the European research area is of great importance .
We believe that the public information about benchmarking is important , especially in the field of business and innovation .
I would like to express my surprise as Mr Ferber for two minutes .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have taken the sitting and not surprise the sitting .
The Commission has presented a fine working programme for the year 2001 , but one can imagine that it is a matter of great concern to them .
However , when I look at what is happening in relation to interventions from 2000 , this year , I have already given the concern that we only have room for manoeuvre .
In other words , you should consider whether you are going to work on what is going to be done in anticipation of what is going to be done in the post @-@ Nice process , namely the question of delimitation of powers , and whether the Commission , as a provisional body in this Europe , could take the way forward .
That would be a way of achieving that you do not have so many items over the next or next year , to say that the people are aware of what is being achieved in this Europe as a whole .
I would really like to encourage you - and I have been very much aware of what you are proposing - what you propose to propose - whether or not this could not be looked at in the context of a or different subject of mutual delimitation of competences .
A second issue I would like to make is because I am a committed champion for representative democracy .
I have a little concern about the concept of modern governance .
It is about the role of an elected parliament which is to blame for the role of a elected parliament , even vis @-@ à @-@ vis the citizens of the citizens who do not have this responsibility .
It is precisely at European level that many representatives from associations are still working on us in the offices and are sometimes asking where they are left at home , who is actually left here in Europe ?
It cannot be the purpose of such a new approach that it is not legitimate to carry out the checks , which are not commensurate with the facts , namely the European Parliament .
President .
Mr Ribeiro , I think you have a few moments ago .
My surprise were not to be taken on your own person , but only on your time !
Mr President , I can fully concur with what Mr Ferber has said .
I am not going to comment on the many proposals that have been made in my framework areas , i.e. environmental policy and consumer protection .
I am not going to say this because I guess that half a half will be transferred to the next year .
In a German holiday session , you have tried .
However , it would not like to find a new job , so that they will not obtain a new job .
If you talk about good governance , Mr Prodi , is also a good governance for yourself to gauge your own Commission carefully and decide and decide what time and staff have been carried out .
What is to be done in order to keep good governance ?
What is that actually ?
Does this mean transparency ?
, Mr Prodi .
Are we all very happy to see transparency , but we are going to be able to get more transparency , which you will be able to negotiate and with which you will negotiate with yourself , more transparency ?
I do not say so , that is no more transparency .
And also to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of shortening the procedures , also to reduce the procedures in the Commission .
I am also exaggerating for the reduction in the procedures in Parliament , but do I have a solution to the industry ?
Are this quicker ?
And who is the controlling state ?
Who in principle , where they do not function ?
Is the more democracy , I ask you ?
Mr Prodi , you have been selected by the Heads of Government and we have confirmed that .
However , we in the European Parliament have been elected by the citizens of the European Union , and the citizens of the European Union have been elected .
This European Parliament has a central role in the civil society , as you say so well , and I hope you can see this as a matter of democracy .
I would like to warn all in the Commission , Mr Prodi , to amend this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
Right now , good governance seems to me to be the first time for the Commission , and I warn you that , as a matter of urgency , there is no doubt that the European Parliament is going to be consulted on the basis of this , and I do not warn you that the European Parliament has the decision @-@ makers to carry out the decision @-@ makers and the body which you monitor .
Mr President , last week on my country &apos; s background to the east coast of my country , 500 people were trying to reach twelve people in the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi wishes to bring the European Union closer to the citizens .
In my opinion , the issues relating to the implementation of the area of freedom , security and justice are undoubtedly fundamental issues for the citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is well received by Mr Vitorino &apos; s legislative programme , they are clearly indicated in the scoreboard that there is a time limit for their enforcement and we can discuss them and discuss them .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope - Mr Poettering informed this - which is based on a consensus on the continuation of a common policy .
The same applies to asylum and cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in the fight against terrorism .
While the Council has been stressing that , since Tampere and last week , the Council has been reminded of the decisions made by this European Council of Tampere , but it is based on a incomprehensible nature .
There was no one of the proposals made on the table , an agreement , neither on family reunification or other questions .
Mr Prodi , said before this House that there will be delays in the enforcement of these policies ; you said that you have said before Nice , and you said that not the Commission &apos; s fault is the fault of this issue ; why should it be ?
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress , for a good programme , which I would like to stress .
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am not going to mention all the points that have been made , but I would like to highlight some of them , but I would like to highlight some of them and a couple of things that I would like to highlight .
First of all , in all interventions , Mr Cox referred to the problem of the constant monitoring of priorities , the problem of which is ongoing , not on the subject of the matter .
We can , of course , find ourselves in a position which is based on the subject of Rathenov , but in certain cases we must simply proceed with a situation in which we should be able to get the impression of the impression that we have to get the impression of the impression that we have the impression that specific priorities are set up in order to set up a vision of our policy this morning .
Furthermore , I also believe that a government is sometimes uncomfortable or tedious : sometimes we are trying to confine ourselves to a minimum , but it is simply a business to business .
Today and in the last meetings we have presented a programme for strategic planning .
Parliament will certainly appreciate that I have identified the strict priorities , but these strict priorities will have to follow up detailed documents which will be extremely tedious .
This is the policy : it is first vision , and then it will be specific .
Secondly , all Mr Hänsch and many other Members of Parliament have underlined the fact that there is cooperation between the Commission and Parliament .
Mr Hänsch has even spoken of a joint proposal by our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would help to work independently and , of course , we must work together with self @-@ determination in order to achieve common determination .
However , it may be possible for us to make a difference in a common proposal , and it is important that we continue to make a difference in the committees , in our daily work , with a view to overcoming the analysis , analysis , analysis and complexity of the problems , and this is precisely what we are doing now .
We will have to take a difficult timetable for a complex timetable , and this is the third problem that has been raised this morning by Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen and many others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we all talk about 2004 , but 2004 is a year of a total effort from Parliament and the Commission .
If we really want to bring this process to a coherent and united approach , it must clearly be concluded by the end of 2003 .
I would just like to issue this as a problem which , as you know , will begin the election campaign , in June 2004 , and then the new Commission will be appointed , which will only be appointed in January 2005 .
That is why it is a year for the changeover , and I believe that this Parliament will be in a position to be able to make the most important changes in the Union &apos; s fundamental political affairs .
I consider this problem to be unimportant .
Furthermore , this change cannot be carried out by two parliaments or , at a time , a phase where the Commission has not power or at least resulted in its mandate , or at least its mandate .
I am sceptical about this problem without finding a solution to it , but I think that we must consider a date - the year 2004 - which we have to take into account - and which must be taken into consideration in order to find a solution to a solution .
Mr Swoboda , Mr Voggenhuber , Mr Voggenhuber and Mr Corbett have mentioned another major number of points which I would like to prevent each misunderstanding , which is what the new debate on Europe should be reformed .
With regard to the filtration awards , we are basically in agreement , and we shall see if we are able to take a good deal of work and to include civil society as promised .
In any event , this is our concern and Parliament and the Commission to support this debate .
As far as spirits are concerned , I would also like to avoid any procedural correction .
I would like to make it clear to you that I would like to make them clear : we need to establish an interim body according to the convention which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , following the model , that the Convention must be distinguished from the Convention , it must probably be small and medium @-@ sized .
Let me speak just now .
But we must , however , already develop this model .
I agree with the proposal of Michel Barnier and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must make proposals that will not necessarily lay down unanimity because the time will come to an end , because the time will come to an end to which we will have to present very strongly .
That is why we need to reflect on a different audit body , which is the same aims .
We have to work - and we have to work on this - some basic principles .
Once again , I would like to say that the European Parliament must be involved , and the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission are involved in this .
This is still the nature and strength of the Union .
Of course , I have taken note of your concerns that this body should not be too great , and I share them in the face of these four structures in view of the existence of these four structures , which are accepted by the definition of these institutional structure .
However , we must challenge the huge task of ensuring a maximum of representatives of these four structures and a sufficient number of Members to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take decisions and decisions ; decisions must be made in a majority , not unanimously , because otherwise we will be getting bogged down .
In my opinion , this will be possible to cooperate and prepare proposals to prepare proposals .
Allow me to make a further comment .
We have two specific questions : we want to take part in candidate countries - and these participation are still not fully determined , but they will presumably have no right to vote , but that is not yet clear .
We must do this , and this is why we need to consider the necessary procedures .
Finally , we agree that we need to go further on the four issues of Nice .
So let us take the floor on content , and then we can be able to hold a word on the matter .
In any case , I believe that this is the operational content we need to make .
There is a number of other concerns about the issue of subsidiarity and proportionality .
I would like to assure you that this is an integral principle of our Commission which is perfectly compatible with the fact that we need to make recommendations and also make recommendations .
It was an interesting example .
For the sake of God , it is not an attempt to unify the marketing system for the sale of Europeans in Europe , but we must often give our young workers who are coming from one Member State to another .
The single European creative format must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which facilitates mobility in the various Member States .
We need common sense to recognise that there are things which we are dealing with and which we sometimes find ourselves , but which must be done to support our decisions .
Then there are also many other things which are really complete .
Finally , what I very much welcome , Mr Fiori , Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou &apos; s point of view .
This year we have little discussed about what I think is understandable because we are right - and rightly so - and rightly so .
It is , however , a very concrete programme for the Mediterranean , and I was in the last year in Israel and Palestine , last month in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia last week , in Jordan , Syria and in Lebanon last week .
I can assure you that there is a desire to give Europe a call for a call for a call for Europe not only because of economic problems but also for the support that we are receiving for the people of these countries .
However , there are two new requirements which have been submitted by all of us : firstly , the transition from bilateral policy to the multilateral sphere , i.e. regional cooperation , which is not acceptable to the whole area , but also to groups , for example , and the Maghreb .
It is a strong desire for a Europe which takes the view that , in its present form , it is just as the European Union - all the more appalling past - that every tensions has been faced with all tensions , and that is a new and particularly effective model for cooperation between these countries .
Secondly , the Union also wants a partner in the peace negotiations .
Of course , the international situation will depend on whether it can be resolved .
I am committed to the European Parliament because it was very little to me . He was very unhappy with the explanatory statement , and with the explanatory statement that we are aware that we are familiar with them every day with them .
I am very disciplined for the Mediterranean , not only because I was born there , but because I would remind you that peace , war , war , war and cultures are probably largely dependent on this area .
I would like to highlight this because the Spanish Presidency has already been set up and the Spanish Presidency - we have already talked about a summit on the Mediterranean issue - is geared towards a summit on the Mediterranean .
It is therefore very appropriate that this year work should be carried out in order to prepare this policy .
With regard to sustainable development , I agree with what was said here .
However , I would like to reiterate that this is an extremely important area , but also extremely difficult .
We often want to reassure our consciences , while sustainable development means that sustainable development means that we must take an extremely complex and difficult decisions which affect the industry , our lives and use of energy .
This is a major challenge which we must not bear in mind , but which requires us to be tough and responsible , if we are not just to reassure - and I repeat - our consciences - and I repeat - our consciences .
I am also concerned about emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the request that some of them have raised and that we cannot delay enlargement .
I have to say that we are not slow to delay .
The Swedish Presidency has made a strong and its contribution to this question , Commissioner Verheugen , and Commissioner Verheugen has built up a huge breakdown in the traffic systems ; one chapter after another .
Now , we are approaching the critical phase of the major political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , environmental policy , the Structural Funds - which are extremely difficult and demanding , because this is the very comprehensive process which is currently taking place .
I have just quoted Kofi Annan &apos; s enlargement process . The enlargement process is really becoming an extremely important message of peace and civilisation throughout the world .
We need to solve the specific problems , so that this message can really be gained .
I would like to finish off with a comment on the request made by one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not just here to comment on these issues but also to make proposals on these issues , and if possible , if possible , the request of this European Parliament is to be the architect of the new building : of course your aid , your cooperation and your control .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
However , I would like to start with the next debate because we are at 12 midnight at 12 midnight at 12 midnight and for every minute which we can use .
Company and mergers in the industry
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on the Commission initiatives , on the social implications of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioners , this question is directed at the Commission .
In a few months ago , our President , Mrs Fontaine , on the Lisbon European Council expressed its concern about the disastrous effects of certain restructurings and mergers .
You asked the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to regulate this balanced approach and assess their social impact , so that the necessary social measures are needed .
In this context Mrs Fontaine highlighted a fundamental problem : how can the necessary flexibility of companies and the vital security of workers be agreed ?
Since Lisbon , restructuring has remained further .
We are now talking about three @-@ three mergers per year .
Every day , there is a new age for workers who , curiously , are tending to call the old economy to call for the old economy , i.e. the main part of business , or whether it is the old economy .
The Nice Summit has set very positive messages in this respect .
The agreement reached on the statute of the European company in thirty years &apos; time , as well as the adoption of the social agenda of the European company , will show the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of the workers in the Union .
With regard to this - I would like to stress that the Council &apos; s unanimous question of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is now calling for the Commission to take up these new political willingness and make their proposals .
We are therefore going to ask the Commission to demand specific commitments .
First of all , we want a better breakdown in the social impact of restructuring .
For example , how do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for working relations , which is to work on the Dublin Foundation , which is very dear to the heart of this House ?
We want to see the existing social directives based on the basis of their application , as well as the new ones , by restructuring .
We are still asking for the necessary changes to be made in this respect , so that , in particular , the implementation of workers &apos; rights to consult and inform information protection will be carried out more seriously by means of sanctions imposed on the protection of women &apos; s rights and to inform the employees of both sides of industry in the field of production .
We are pleased to see that the Commission is already proposing the review of the current directive on European Works Councils , which has been proposed in 2002 , to review the current directive on European Works Councils , which has been set up for a few years now .
We also call upon you to review the directive on mass redundancies with the aim of making the necessary provision for preventing workers &apos; liability of responsibility against the obligation to provide workers .
We want to continue - and we know that Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , and I am sure that the &quot; totally &quot; totally &quot; defined &quot; procedure will be changed in the Commission , in order to take account of the social aspects of competition policy in the Commission .
If a company in Brussels agrees with the approval of a company in Brussels , then the Commission will then ensure that the minimum minimum requirements set by information and consulting workers are respected .
These are our demands , ladies and gentlemen , but are it a symbolic matter for the public , they are justified by the point of view of the workers , and do I think that it is a good idea , because how can a knowledge @-@ based economy should work without participation by workers ?
In my committee , the vote on this oral question was unanimous in my committee , as was unanimous in the resolution before us today .
I have to add that the Liberal Group has tabled another draft .
As our liberal friends , who voted for the first resolution , and particularly for the question of my committee , we take note of the fact that we have heard a misunderstanding in our liberal friends .
In this respect no one should see an conflict ; we are going to regulate this , as we have done so far with the Liberals .
My Commissioners , we await your replies with impatience .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe must bring about the need for economic restructuring and their social consequences , by bringing innovation and social cohesion together and try to improve change .
Our positive and proactive response to change is three important areas : improving our capacity and change , the monitoring centre in Dublin ; the creation of legal mechanisms for workers in the event of enterprise , and the promotion of adaptability of workers , and the development of the company &apos; s labour company .
The establishment of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit to develop a more serious approach to the development of changes .
I attach great importance to this issue given the current situation in relation to mergers and acquisitions .
The Dublin Foundation has included this initiative in its four @-@ year programme .
Given the limited resources of the Foundation for 2001 , only the training programme for 2001 is merely the establishment of the Centre &apos; s forum for 2001 .
In this way , the basis for further progress to be made to the monitoring centre by 2002 is provided for by means of additional resources .
The 1970s @-@ of @-@ dangerous birds and the transition from the 1970s have been drawn up and adopted and adopted by companies against full employment .
The situation in the world of economy has since changed radically .
In other words , the provisions of these directives do not comply with the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis is on promoting flexibility , the acquisition of employability , employability and adaptability .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in the current rules and the national systems of transport only make it more effective if we are to pursue the restructuring and negotiation process of economic and strategic issues and the long @-@ term eco @-@ long term in each company .
This is the aim of the Commission &apos; s proposal on information and hearing .
If this general framework is adopted , it is only accepted and comprehensive , in order to ensure that the specific provisions relating to mass redundancies and the transition from businesses are also worthwhile , because , firstly , it would be possible to prevent such crises in working relations .
If they were not to be prevented , then those who were normally at the mercy of the wayside , then those who were normally at the wayside would be in a good time and would be able to adapt to the changes in their employment policy .
I know that you very much support this approach and the Commission &apos; s satisfaction that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the stated political will of the Council we should be able to put forward the proposal before the end of the year , and that would be a decisive step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils must be updated or later updated .
Nevertheless , an evaluation of the experience gained in the practical implementation of the directive could be very useful .
Even before we are concerned , there should be a number of additional measures which are also very dear to us .
First of all , we must be given the dossier on informing and consulting .
At the end of last year , an important document has finally been adopted and a long time ago , namely the statute of the European company .
This is because , in this context , it is worth noting that large @-@ scale audiovisual companies in Europe will be able to decide for this new change in Europe , especially when it comes to drawing up and adapt to new economic and market conditions .
The great characteristics of this Statute is the fact that there is far @-@ reaching rules on the participation of workers , which are in line with the proposal for information and consultation at national level .
This will undoubtedly help to improve the social dimension in Europe &apos; s defence policy .
The Commission &apos; s documents on five other legislative proposals have paved the way for five further legislative proposals , and this is three Ministers for cooperatives , associations and the transfer of a registered telephone register in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same type of legislation as they already apply to European media posts .
That is another reason why we should be waiting with the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which can only benefit from the debates on these other dossiers .
These debates will undoubtedly facilitate solutions to which we will be able to tackle the debate , as soon as we will deal with this task .
I know that the House is concerned about informing and consulting workers in relation to mergers and takeovers .
As you know from interventions in the past , we are discussing how we can deal more effectively with these concerns .
According to the merger regulation , workers and representatives of workers are already entitled to hearing the right to hearing the Commission &apos; s services , which is whether the merger is in line with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have before us a more systematic debate .
In addition , we could remind companies of their responsibilities and obligations in relation to the consultation and information of workers who are often affected by these measures .
Since social cohesion is now one of the key priorities of Europe &apos; s key priorities , the responsibility for this is no longer justified by public hand .
The private sector is expected to make their contribution - such as any other part of society .
The promotion of social responsibility for companies is now an essential element of the European strategy for social cohesion .
It is a company responsible for the social sector if it is polluted and economically profitable .
As a response to the Commission &apos; s social responsibility in June 2000 , the Commission drew social responsibility to this issue , which stresses how important it is to tackle the social and social consequences of the economic and economic consequences of the economic and economic consequences of the new economy .
It has announced a communication , with the initiatives relating to social responsibility for companies and to monitor change .
Furthermore , the Commission is planning to present a Green Paper on the development of a framework for the social responsibility of companies at European level this year .
Finally , I would like to say that we can only achieve measures which I referred to in the various measures which I mentioned and the contribution made by public authorities , private organisations , private workers , workers and social partners at all levels , to find a reasonable solution to the social consequences of industrial change and the environment .
Any individual of these measures is important and each individual requires a more rigorous and rigorous approach to decision @-@ makers .
I know that you share this position and thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have received a motion for a resolution from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not the best time for such a debate .
I am very satisfied with the reply by the Commissioner .
In my opinion , it contains a few people living in this area , especially if we are going to be very attentive to them , some people living in the world and to achieve solutions .
Every restructuring will be discussed in every restructuring , whether our institutional structure is to be dealt with .
That is also understandable .
The EU Treaty , in particular Article 136 , is also the job of the Union .
There is , of course , a certain amount of balance : companies should have freedom of freedom to make their commercial growth more profitable , thereby ensuring that they contribute to the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand , there is a moral obligation to listen to employees .
In this connection , I would like to mention a situation in which I would like to state an example in Germany .
If these eco @-@ compliance are actually adhered to , a special problem arises much more quickly than if this is not the case .
Some of the structural changes in the restructuring of restructuring , which are currently taking place elsewhere in other European countries , are quite different from the fact that there is a lot of difference between them .
This is why it is essential that this issue should be put on the agenda as soon as possible and also to conclude an end to this issue .
We want to achieve this with the present question .
As far as the motion for a resolution is concerned , Mr Rocard has quite rightly pointed out that he was on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are still some changes to be made to underline the need for the companies to adopt their strategy as far as possible .
This kind of intention is implicitly contained in the resolution , but not so much as we would have liked .
We are therefore voting in favour of the resolution , subject to the changes which may , of course , be discussed until Thursday .
Mr President , Members of Parliament on this side of the House want to put an end to restructuring , but it is our duty to ensure that it is socially viable .
We are aiming for a firm approach to economic restructuring and the change in the process .
We are in the process of drafting a social responsibility , but it can only be a reality if we have a direct and complete legal framework in this area .
We are faced with a genuine partnership and the advantages of the European Union .
But the recent recent figures in the UK and throughout the European Union show that we are still far removed from this .
Frankly , there must be a loss of workers in the north @-@ west and Wales , the workers in France and in Wales , the concept of workers in France and Holland , the concept of a social responsibility , as I have said , as I have said some times .
The promise of a Green Paper to present a Green Paper is not an adequate reaction to the desperation of these workers , their families and entire communities .
We call on a revision of the legislation on mass redundancies and the transition to European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils , so that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
We also have to adopt a broad framework for the consultation and information of workers as soon as possible .
Only in this way can information and hearing and hearing a genuine partnership be established , a partnership which can contribute to improving innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We want a genuine partnership .
We are sorry that a directive on the other can only be reviewed , under the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be reviewed if more practical experience is available and the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s statute is translated into force .
Yes , there must be links , but we must adopt this package now , and we must adopt a wide approach in terms of improving and consulting workers .
We believe that we could be able to update the framework legislation in this form , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , to arrive at a viable approach to industrial change in the European Union .
I would like to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
The House has asked us in January to examine the problem of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done that .
We have asked a motion for a resolution and a motion for a resolution .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party in precisely this spirit of cooperation to withdraw their extremely important resolution .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , do you not have the impression that this Parliament suffers up to its defensive fate ?
Almost exactly a year ago on 17 February , we took the same debate .
I do not think that it is so worrying that we would not have discussed this issue again on 27 October 1999 , the list could be continued .
What do Europe need ?
It was agreed in Lisbon that the Union should become the world &apos; s most competitive area which is the most competitive area , and Parliament has supported this objective by an overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , we will have a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , technological development and education .
It is more than ever possible to compete with the best competitive competitiveness of companies , because if an enterprise is not competitive , this will result in jobs .
From this point of view , it is always inevitable that companies should be involved in restructuring and sometimes painful measures , such as the unfair treatment of workers , and in particular , the dismissal of workers .
Obviously , the rights of workers in the various EU directives must be safeguarded .
You will understand that the ELDR Group cannot agree with Mr Rocard &apos; s question , and so little in the resolution before the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , because it demonstrates that the European Parliament is in a right memory .
In the joint resolution , it is only possible to talk about the agenda of the Nice social agenda , whereas Lisbon will be bypassed .
That is why we will have a few amendments in the spirit of the Lisbon objectives .
An e @-@ mail cannot , however , be approved directly by Mr Rocard , but it is quite mistaken .
But we will withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , given the recent examples of restructuring , we would not have been able to hold the debate on this issue at the moment .
As has already been mentioned , the EPLP @-@ Dutch financing companies are a classic example of a company which takes advantage of its decisions , which are due to its choices , and no idea of the disastrous social effects of his actions .
A total of 6 000 jobs in the UK announced that nearly 3 000 jobs have been announced in the UK .
Despite speculation on plastic closures , the company was not prepared to inform the government , before the official verification of 1 February , and let me inform him of their workers .
A former hearing of employees was not held at the same time , although the company has announcement that his decision was called a &apos; hearing &apos; .
speculation , which stipulates that the Danone Group , is going to reduce 3 000 jobs in Europe .
This has not been the case , nor has we heard discussions about alternative changes in alternative vehicles .
Therefore , in order to obtain the directive on informing and consulting workers , and the revision of the directive on European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils , which , in my constituencies , very little protection has been pursued .
We cannot allow companies to do so with the lives of people and communities such as this .
There is a final start of inspection measures and sanctions which we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , in the light of mega @-@ productive and restructuring in the industry , many workers and European Union citizens are living in a position to make a stand for decision @-@ making in Europe , or even because of the rules of free competition .
It is high time that there should be an adequate amount of time for employees to pay for workers .
There is still a contradiction between the Council and the Commission as a general priority of employment and the job of mass redundancies in large companies which , at the same time , producers .
Michelin , Danone , Danone and Alsthom , are not companies which are bad .
They are competitive because they are getting more than sufficient profits , but they are building thousands of jobs .
The Danone case is three : 3 000 people in Europe , including 1 700 in France .
In the year 2000 , the European works of this society reached a EUR 429 million of EUR 429 million over the year 2000 .
These are increasingly new mergers , women and men in unemployment in unemployment and will no longer be excluded from all families in distress and despair .
citizenship , which we often refer to in this society , is merely a mere currency when employees depend on decisions that will depend on their future , the region and its country .
How can we accept that companies which have been able to obtain the public service in favour of the non @-@ public service ?
Such aid should be distributed in such cases to the communities which must pay for the social consequences of decisions in favour of the financial profitability of employment .
In my opinion , the problem cannot be addressed to employability and adaptability and not to restrict social consequences , as the Commissioner has done .
I have therefore supported the proposals contained in the resolution and the amendments to clarify and reinforce certain aspects .
Further steps are required in order to meet the democratic requirements of employees and citizens .
I am of the opinion that the extension of the rights to be extended to the end of the planned redundancies and the end of the process must take place .
Any economic clauses must include social clauses .
Similarly , sanctions must be provided for non @-@ compliance with the aforementioned directives .
At a time when there is a great deal of European identity and the appropriateness of their development , I believe that a text is a text which would make a certain commitment to certain rights of workers to be able to give the Union credibility .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution which , I hope , will supplement a number of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
As it is time for voting time , the debate will be adjourned ; it will resume at 3 p.m .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the effects of the Commission on the effects of the transitional period , which was provided by the United Kingdom for the implementation of certain provisions of Directive 94 / 33 / EC on the implementation of the EC / 2002 Directive ( COM ( COS ) &#93; ( COS ) &#93; ( COS ) &#93;
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights , on the request to remove the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro ( 2000 / 2154 ) )
( Parliament adopted the decision )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2000 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position ( C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - on the European Parliament &apos; s common position ( C5 @-@ 0508 / 2000 ) on the European Parliament and Council &apos; s interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( rapporteurs )
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers to establish rules and harmonised procedural rules for safe loading and unloading &apos; s activities ( COM ( 2000 ) , C5 @-@ 0254 / 2000 - 2000 / Myanmar ( 2000 / Myanmar )
Before the vote on Amendment No González ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; by &apos; knowledge &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters have translated the oral amendment as &apos; translated &apos; .
However , the voting list is &apos; confusing &apos; .
Progress is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the report on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism on the report on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Adoption of European Parliament and the Council &apos; s proposal for a Council regulation on maritime safety and the prevention of the regulations on transport in maritime transport ( COM ( 2000 ) , C5 @-@ 0009 / 2000 - 2000 / 2118 ( COD ) )
( FR ) The proposal for a directive by the European Parliament and the Council to amend the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of the fishing directives ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2118 ( COD ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council Regulation in the Irish Sea ( COM ( 2000 ) &#93; for 2000 , 2000 / 2000 ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0508 / 2000 - 2000 / 0825 ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Own report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur is to blame for the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and , as well as on the implementation of the actions required in this region , to address the activities required in the region , but it is also very careful to address these two aspects of the arbitrary powers of the arbitrary powers , including France and the United States .
If it is a simple , conscious help of the European Union as a counterbalance to years and destruction in these two countries , then we would , of course , approve our assent .
We have therefore abstained from these reports .
Dover report ( A5 @-@ 0114 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom was in favour of implementing the regulation on the sufficient lack of working time and the night work of young people .
The Commission and the report propose to end this derogation .
We would have been able to be pleased that the United Kingdom is now applying rules which will give young people more protection in the workplace .
But , in reality , the total agreement reached between Conservatives and Labour , Liberals and Social Democrats , on the end of this transitional period , has been sufficient to ensure that the necessary flexibility are needed in order to ensure that the necessary flexibility is needed and that this does not damage the opportunities for young people &apos; s opportunities .
This proves that this regulation will not only be evaded by the European institutions but that their use of young people is not at the mercy of defence protection .
We have therefore voted against this report .
Unfortunately , the situation of the British young workers is hardly improved by the approval of this resolution .
Indeed , because the scandal of the UK derogation regime ( Britain ) is not fully in tune with the scandal of the United Kingdom &apos; s work in order to limit the work of children and young people in this directive .
On the contrary , this debate would have to be allowed to change any changes to the system in order to remove all the derogations that they make every real sense .
It is in no way justified that the young people of 14 or even 13 years are all the work of their work ( Article 8 ( 3 ) , which must be applied to their school obligations ( Art. 8 ) or pursuant to the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Similarly , the derogation whereby young people under 18 are more than 40 % of a week , more than 40 per week , should work on a daily basis , or even night ( 3 ) , or even night ( 3 ) .
It is not justified that there are no restrictions in private or work on a family subject ( Article 2 ) .
There is nothing to condemn child labour in Asia and Africa if we do not protect our young people from economic exploitation and night work , which is damaging the health , safety , safety and development of an independent education .
- I wholeheartedly support Mr Dover &apos; s report which seeks to improve the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report provides for the United Kingdom to comply with the provisions of a directive in 1994 which prohibited working hours per day and 40 hours per week in order to ban the working hours of young people , even though certain types of employment and certain types of employment are exceptions .
Employment and especially employment , in particular , is important for our young people and our economy .
We must do nothing about the employment prospects of young people in Britain .
Sometimes they are forced to exploit their young workers and do they get to work without any apparent reason .
Long @-@ time working conditions are very serious and difficult to affect the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore crucial that working hours will be monitored and that employers will be prevented from the exploitation of young people .
exploitation is damaging and irresponsible .
We must stop them and to protect our young people from exploiting and protect our young people from being protected .
There are already legislation to reduce working hours for young people .
We must only ensure that they are respected .
To this end , the sensible measures that the Commission has proposed should contribute .
In my opinion , it does not seem ironic that the repression , which is constantly opposed to the interference of Brussels and this regulation , supported this report on social policy .
That once again makes it clear that their attitude towards Europe is clear .
The Labour Government represents entire commitment to creating jobs for young people and for measures to protect them .
I strongly urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and to vote for this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report to promote railway infrastructure in Europe because a European rail system is an important goal for the Union .
Before embarking on Strasbourg to Strasbourg , I have said a few pensioners to vote in favour of this report , and they said that we want to travel from Europe to the train , and we want to travel to the train by Europe .
That is why we want to see ourselves aged , hopeless restaurants and television .
The Union can and must give us that .
Mr Hatzidakis will certainly allow this to be achieved &quot; .
Mr President , in view of the forthcoming accession of the Central and Eastern European countries , the rail transport network is becoming increasingly important for a cross @-@ border cross @-@ border rail transport , which is why it is necessary to combine national networks into one European network .
An essential step towards the trans @-@ European rail network is to ensure that the specifications applied by the various railway companies are applied .
Another important step is to create the creation of functional goods and the removal of water flows in the less favoured or outlying regions .
The development of infrastructure will also be the opportunity to benefit from these regions and to benefit from this .
( FR ) I welcome the report by multimedia Savary on the interoperability of the railway system which accepts the Council &apos; s common position without amendments , because this common position includes 33 amendments from first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of the railway sector will require the restructuring of the railway sector .
As has already been pointed out , we have had to ascertain that , in the European Union , investments made in the railway system are still marked by national circumstances .
It is clear that , despite the many advantages of this environment , these national disparities are an enormous obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a significant increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union but , in particular , freight accidents have caused delays in the European Union .
There are many reasons for the decline of the railways , among other things the fact that these are a national perspective .
There is no single market for rail services .
In addition , railway networks do not always comply with the new forms of education in economic and economic spheres and not the changes that result from this change .
In addition , it is clear that the future of European transport needs to be rapid deregulation in the railway sector .
If I have noticed this , then I am convinced that the railways have a central role to play in the solution which the Union takes .
The citizens of Europe are suffering daily on pollution , traffic congestion and traffic congestion , which has grown over the excessive dependence of road traffic over the past 30 years .
The objective of sustainable mobility is therefore closely linked to the revitalisation of rail .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has been able to adopt amendments which incorporate more important social provisions , such as professional qualifications and conditions for housing and safety at work .
Certain sensitive points have also been taken into account by the Council , and this is also true of the protection of the existing railway system , the adoption of a derogation or the definition of special cases in relation to the situations of those countries , or the differences in the gauge in the gauge .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic because it contains a multi @-@ strategic work programme and takes account of the problems caused by enlargement in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of trans @-@ European rail systems must be promoted .
At present , the functionalist world has done its job and must be re @-@ established .
At the same time , we need to transfer more transport on the roads to cut the roads .
But behind the rapporteur &apos; s commendable objectives on the revitalisation of the railway sector , the spectre of liberalisation is the spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims to contribute to opening up transport and marketing systems as well as promoting the competitiveness of the railway sector overall .
On this point , we have strong reservations because we reject liberalisation principle .
- ( FR ) If there is genuinely a link between the transport of road transport , the railway infrastructure must meet each other with each other .
On this point I can only agree with the rapporteur .
Apart from that , I believe that the inclusion of social standards , professional qualifications and safety conditions and safety conditions in the process of building trans @-@ European rail systems seems to be obvious .
In my opinion , however , it must be stressed that harmonisation must be taken on the basis of the strategic social rights and not the disadvantage of the users and employees of this sector .
There is , however , a dangerous uncertainty : what framework should we create the interoperability of the railway networks ?
In the framework of competition services , public service services as a guarantee of a high @-@ qualified economy and security , is a powerful market in the market .
The adoption of the three directives of the Rail Package by Parliament and the Council can see that Europe is the future of the trans @-@ European railway networks in this second perspective .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what does I mean to vote in favour of Mr Van Dam &apos; s report on safe loading and unloading &apos;s unloading ?
In this case I was discussing the Fatuzzo issue .
I say &apos; confusing &apos; because you do not know what you are going to know , and I would perhaps have liked to have gone into the sea , perhaps at sea level .
My fellow member , Mr Fatuzzo , who was not able to exist , said , I have said : &quot; Do I have said &quot; look at the sea for years . &quot;
I have read this report on which the basis is to be avoided , but I must say , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as a Member of the European Parliament that the vessels are flying because they are old .
Even the old and no more remote ships should be able to be able to get a safer one . &quot;
I do not know whether I would like to thank the honourable Member if I thank the honourable Member , or Mr Fatuzzo .
- ( FR ) In addition to the former name of this type of oil slick , other ships are still in a deplorable state of affairs .
This may perhaps be less astonishing than those who have been killed , but which are a tragic one , but the old half of 146 was lost over the last ten years , with death thresholds .
We voted in favour of the report in favour of specific measures to strengthen security of civil services and flight crews .
However , we would like to emphasise what contradiction between the concerns relating to safety and those in relation to the risks which have been mentioned in the report for European ports and connections .
In order to preserve the profits of the teaching and housing services , it will inevitably be the safety of the wayside .
It is a good thing to put the captain &apos; s house into force , free or fluid , which it considers as dangerous to the ship or the ship .
However , it would be pointless to deny that the laws of competition and the market ( including labour market legislation ( including the labour market ) , is the object of the end of the capital , to the end of the capital , and the end of the labour market , with a view to finding dangerous or sometimes constant cuts and , in fact , their working conditions .
- ( FR ) In ten years &apos; time , nearly 150 000 have been lost , with 800 people .
This is the disastrous assessment of the laws and laws of the market economy .
Like the rapporteur , I also believe that the physical condition and the lack of training of flight crews are the main reason for these disasters .
It is therefore important that we should be able to control ships and flight crews and working conditions and their working conditions on board .
I therefore support all of the binding measures to strengthen safety standards , housing , and the reception of ports and the readiness to judge .
However , the human and financial requirements must be created in order to ensure that the legal provisions in the Member States , particularly the increase in the number of migratory flows .
Furthermore , the fight against the fishing projects and impunity must be made more accountable to the existing escalation and impunity to pay greater responsibility by means of national and financial sanctions .
I shall vote for all proposals that are in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) It is evident that , in relation to the issue of safety at sea , I am bound to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report on the establishment of the Committee on Transport and Safety .
I was by e @-@ mail at a time when I was 21 @-@ mail from the time when I have spoken of 21 years old , in my political activity , in my political activity , as a stallion which I spoke earlier about .
This man , who has now been dragging on , has I said : &quot; Do you look at what is happening in the European Parliament , i.e. the safety of maritime pollution and the prevention of marine pollution ?
This is a good thing , but you are also presiding with the security of us ? &quot;
Yes , &quot; I replied .
&quot; All are patience and they will also come to the fore . &quot;
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to establish a &apos; Committee on Transport and maritime safety &apos; , which is to date , is another step towards a re @-@ nationalisation of Community policy in the field of safety in the field of safety at sea , but also new opportunities to improve the application of application at Community and international level .
Nevertheless , the most recent accidents in the Erika and the most recent accident accidents have shown that the best resolutions cannot be achieved if the best resolutions are to be applied , if not the conditions for their application and enforcement .
The Member States must therefore be forced to apply existing legislation , particularly those in the field of prevention of seas , the control of training and training for fishermen and working conditions .
There are improvements to the number and quality of the checks and the quality of the legislator , but also to the increased financial responsibility of all operators , the charterer , the charterer and societies .
I have voted in favour of this report in order to remove the impunity and negligence of fishing .
Nicholson report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I would like to make a point just Fatuzzo , namely cod .
I am buying the interpreters at this time , that is important and pious explanatory statement in the other languages .
Now , today , the 13 February and tomorrow is Valentine &apos; s day .
It is easy to pay tribute to the European Parliament &apos; s ability to take advantage of the right @-@ wing mines in the Irish Sea , and a directive on the attitude of the transfer period from tomorrow &apos; s year , on the pretext of classification , 14 April , and 30 April , to allow the production of this type of traffic to be restored .
The European Parliament has done a good job on the recognition of fish and , in particular , the European Parliament .
A drop in the ocean and on the stock market !
And the truth !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
Company and mergers in the industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , to the Commission , on the social implications of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Mr Moscovici , the Charter of Fundamental Rights is a major step towards the way in which Mr Méndez de Vigo has done so on the road of Europe , and so I hear my colleague , Mr Watson , Chairman of the Spanish Government , who has spoken on several occasions , the President of the Spanish Government , José María Representative , in the Convention on framing the Charter .
I believe that that is what I want to see .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be a huge challenge and the great opportunity which cannot be wasted .
But this building will be achieved at a fixed time under certain economic , social and political terms .
The Lisbon Summit decided the liberalisation of the markets for telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in the process of general globalisation and the labour market in the process of general globalisation and the labour market .
And we can ask ourselves .
At the same time , both Nice and the meeting adopted at this part @-@ session also underline the need to integrate workers into the management of the management and the security and flexibility of economic growth with environmental systems .
This is why we must not forget the importance of the globalisation of certain companies in certain regions and areas , for example , where I come from myself , where they are the only one or the most important ones , where it is the only one and the most important danger of globalisation , where the danger of globalisation without guarantees is concerned .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and a sound society must not be fully taken in opposition to all , but must be uninformed .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring must be acceptable in the broadest sense of the term , which is perhaps acceptable and inevitable , to take account of the social consequences of these restructuring , because the economic and economic action of the Community must be a high priority .
Fourthly and finally , the national Community aid , complementary and finally , should be linked to the long @-@ term work of employment and local and regional development .
These four points are only to take account of some of the recitals or considerations , the Commission and the Council on industrial restructuring .
It is , of course , important for the participation of the labour market to be maintained .
The globalisation of globalisation , Mr President , is increasing .
We must ensure that it does not increase social differences .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is because of the restructuring of the industry that is not the dominant restructuring of the industry , those who are from concentration @-@ spreading , concentration @-@ spreading behaviour .
They have gone into the way in which technological backwardness and environmental problems are being dealt with , but never their social impact .
Do we know how much it has contributed to the impoverishment of people and regions ?
How do they actually manage those who actually manage to achieve this ?
How much more will help to achieve long @-@ term people who are more than 40 years old ?
How much is it to do with the fact that the real distribution of European Union works between Southern and forty years ?
The Lisbon decisions should be drawn up on these points by the main priorities for employment , sustainability of social protection and the prevention of social exclusion and environmental changes .
We do not know how much it helps to increase the cost of social security , and we know just how many other people will depend on the way in which they will depend .
Who pays social restructuring ?
The market or the labour market ?
Safety protection and a balanced change are impossible .
The social partners are saying no , and they have even signed a document on the implementation of the European society in relation to information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have already heard that the market does not follow suit and that the political forces with legislation , institutional measures and social dialogue must take place .
Social uncertainty and greater crime are being put in place in society in society , both traditional sectors and so @-@ called &quot; new economy .
The Portuguese Presidency , French and the Swedish Presidency , have the expectations of increasing the current dossiers to date .
However , the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 is not clear .
Mr President , nothing justifies the fact that there is a large number of companies working at mergers or restructuring , while a small part of their private companies have been working on the roads .
The total respect , the Danone , the Danone and Michelin , took place , and to support them , and to support their workers who condemn unemployment , and with the regions which often carry out a shockingly slow range of these companies , which is often a productive nature .
We are opposed to the political movements that are justified in this House and in this type of criminal machinations .
In this way , they only represent the interests of society in no way represent the interests of the economy and the owners of industrial companies and their owners and shareholders .
But we are also opposed to those who commit the social consequences of this restructuring , but not the least binding measures to prevent this restructuring .
In addition to banning any small businesses in small companies , everything is only talk .
We recognise the employees of these companies who support them against them , our full solidarity .
They have been elected in this economy , which only permeates the law of the jungle , which is the only right way .
Mr President , Mrs Plooij @-@ van Gorsel , on her surprise this morning , has expressed their surprise and concern about the fact that we are often dealing with this issue in our Parliament and asked why we are continuing to do so .
Community legislation is inadequate , it will also not be applied in many cases or applied .
As some of my colleagues have done , we could mention a long list of this subject subject to which we have looked more closely at the last few years .
In Lisbon , the European Council has set itself the goal of promoting better and better levels of employment .
How can we achieve the objective of a competitive Union with more and better jobs ?
Greater coordination and balance between the various policies of the Union , but there is no doubt that we need to be more efficient and stricter between the various policies of the Union .
We cannot therefore wait for this - and this is why the Commission must assume its responsibility - that a review of the directives on the creation of a European Economic Area , on mass redundancies or the transition from companies should be carried out without explicit effective sanctions for the case of non @-@ compliance with their failure .
The European Parliament cannot continue such a position .
Mr President , on 2 February , seven February was taken out of the frost @-@ acid style of a half of workers &apos; workers .
In the middle of the day , it was said : &quot; Transport in the road &quot; .
The truth is that , as a pity , I am not questioning you . It was even more revealing : on the contrary , it was not more revealing : at the end of the day , it was rather revealing : at the end of the day , the fact that people have risen from Wales and in the 1860s have a deception of the belief that they have risen when they were lost .
We are working on this news day .
In this way , the fundamental question is : what is the world &apos; s most fundamental question ?
Is companies only to profit or see their mandate in a constitutional framework ?
In the Netherlands , the economic and economic fabric of the Netherlands has recently made two major observations : first on the subject of the title of the title of the title of the title &quot; and on the subject of their homes , and to take refuge in companies .
The economic and economic development of a company , in general terms , should be called for a company to re @-@ establish a medium @-@ sized companies , and therefore not to make the return to the electoral system , the return to the shareholders , which is evidently the case for many restructuring of the past , which is evidently the case for many restructuring of the last time .
In the discussion at European level , I do not see this more general vision and a debate of this kind .
The European Parliament has the problem today , but this issue should be integrated into other EU policy areas .
In my opinion , there is a lack of reference and coherence .
I would mention two examples .
With regard to the sugar market , quite frankly , it is quite clear from the point of view of shareholders .
This , for example , has demonstrated in the discussion on the 13 directive on the 13 directive which Mr Bolkestein has clearly rejected .
Another example is that of competition policy .
Commissioner Monti has made it absolutely clear in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs that it is only under the point of view of the market and consumer and not on the basis of such a wider vision .
A Green Paper on the jurisdiction of a Green Paper , as has been announced this morning , is not enough .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that a more integrated approach is being developed in an integrated form which will also affect the individual policy areas .
newspapers may be allowed to make a certain setback , but not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as honourable Members have said , a number of directives have been adopted in times of full employment and the changes made very slow .
We therefore need more rigorous and changes on certain aspects of the institutional framework .
However , the Commission &apos; s efforts to reconcile balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Often restructuring , mergers or acquisitions are truly tragic .
We have just recently seen how more than 5 000 jobs have been lost over 5 000 jobs .
But if we look at the whole world , the environment in which European companies are not active , we must also consider the negative consequences of reorganisation and restructuring if European companies were not actively involved .
And we must continue to see how many jobs are being retained , because if there is no room for restructuring , certain industries will disappear completely from life .
In this extremely difficult environment , our attempts to link social cohesion and competitiveness are based on four points .
The first is the reform .
The contribution made this morning by the Dublin Foundation was to make changes to methods of learning , changing and re @-@ regulating them .
The second point is legislative and institutional framework .
This year , as well as the five directives which supplement the institutional framework of the statute , and the five directives which have been added to the statute , the directive on information and air workers , after years of discussions between Parliament and the Commission , were finally in the Council , which , after years of course , could be found within four months .
We are convinced that , with the commitment of the Swedish and the Belgian Presidency , there will be important progress in the legislative framework .
However , it must be said that legislation alone is not sufficient , and it has therefore made huge efforts to step up controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti we are trying to look into all mergers and acquisitions , the strict application of the information of workers concerned .
In this institutional framework , a Commission formed a Commission which is key to social dialogue and its role in a more flexible way of mergers and mergers .
The third point is the specific policies .
The employment strategy and the financing of financing funds by the Social Fund can be met with the problem of mass redundancies at national level , with the training of workers , with specific structures to support their reintegration in the labour market or with aid .
The fourth point is the role of companies with its social responsibilities , and one of the new fundamental elements of the social agenda is one of the key elements .
We are asking for changes to workers , mobility of mobility in a new environment , training and local mobility , and we cannot just demand the workers who are involved .
Therefore , in this new environment , companies also have a new role to play and we are trying to define social responsibility for companies .
This is a question of their responsibilities for restructuring , but also their responsibilities in the environment and in society , which will be a second step towards institutional reform .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive deals with copyright and related procedures in the information society .
This is an important issue which is an important issue .
At the second reading , Parliament asked for a position on the Council &apos; s position , which you will remind us , 18 months after the adoption of the Council , was passed on at first reading .
This is the reason for the difficult and sensitive compromise that all the interests of the directive have taken between all the interests of the directive .
I have a step forward , even because many of Parliament &apos; s amendments have been accepted at first reading .
However , some aspects have to be improved , but I have tried to do so with the report .
Despite some of the compromise compromises that have been adopted in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there are still disagreements , especially in relation to Article inspectorates , and on private prudential inspection .
Many amendments have been tabled on this point , which I disagree with .
The reason why the Committee on Regional Policy , Public Health and Consumer Policy is proposing an important innovation in the committee &apos; s compromise on private categories , is that , &quot; by a natural person &quot; , I quote &quot; by means of a natural person , and I quote &quot; by means of a natural person , or not for direct commercial purposes , that they should be able to obtain a fair balance . &quot;
This amendment introduces a new principle in Community legislation which states that the concept of private inspection will be restricted to the benefit of the slaughterhouse and , at the same time , protect the legitimate interests of consumers .
The amendment adopted by the committee seeks to break down the trade in trade , with the purchase of video rings , such as literacy , and cannot be spent on the exchange of inferior works between the Swiss users .
I believe that this is a step forward towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect is concerned , there is a balance in the common position , which seems to me to be more than sufficient in the common position to protect both consumer and consumers .
All on this question - Article 5 , paragraph 1 , may not be taken into account , despite the intention of strengthening the protection of copyright , not to be taken into account because they affect the sale of copyright and not to the directive being affected by this directive .
In addition , these amendments seek to introduce a system of employment for works on the Internet , i.e. the authorisation for the design and sales system , which would threaten the operation of the networks .
All in all , we have stated in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that it is possible to adopt a broad consensus and to improve the common position , which is preventing the risk that we have to deal with the risk of a long and lengthy conciliation process , and for three years of the debate , the dispute and debate .
This is an opportunity which the European Parliament has to take : if the agreement reached the agreement reached in the Legal Affairs Committee tomorrow , we will be able to vote in favour of this directive and the amendments tabled by various groups will finally be able to adopt this directive .
This will not only be the case for the European Union which has been waiting for a long time in this area , but also , and above all , for the benefit of the profit motive .
After all , the directive will not only be under way , but not only after controversial derogations , but also , in particular , the provision of Article 2 to enter into force in the new digital areas , in principle , in terms of the authorisation of water .
For all these reasons , and I hope , we will finally be able to adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , I should like to begin by expressing an interest in this matter before the beginning of my group .
On the one hand , as the author of a certain books , I am a member of some books and has , on the other hand , been a member of the Internet Foundation in this Parliament .
This day is an important event with regard to copyright in the information society , which , in the case of the Court of Justice of the San Journal , in the case of the San Journal of the San Journal , which brings us closer to the unfortunate question of the exploitation of the Internet for violations of copyright law .
The judgement of the San hoc confirms the right to intellectual property protection and sets special measures to protect intellectual property rights in the United States .
We must be able to create a system for ensuring intellectual property law , otherwise it would be possible to ensure that institutions in Europe are being violated effectively in the United States , which is currently being violated in the United States , which has already been set up over two years .
We are in comparison with the United States , and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be overcome quickly .
The Socialist Group will not be accused of the baby with the bathwater .
We have tabled a very important amendments from our point of view .
First of all , the amendment on the so @-@ called &quot; scoreboard &quot; .
The Marketing economy , formerly a traditional right of life , a traditional right of property , intellectual property and intellectual property must now be subject to the information society , which is very simple .
The purpose of this amendment is that those who are planning to commit themselves , because otherwise we will risk the way in which the crop of life is delayed by a large number of applications for private individuals than those who are responsible for the farming industry .
Another very important amendment refers to the limited and additional nature of production .
If the process of the information society is to be seen as a consequence of the information society , a good deal of additional and more efficient nature should really be guaranteed .
It is not the case that we create a large dose of libraries for a large dose of libraries in order to ensure that the person concerned has allowed it to be allowed to do so in a certain case .
We believe that the inclusion of the requirements for a period of time and additionality is an essential condition for the conservation of intellectual property .
I hope that the various groups will be able to provide some and alternatives from tomorrow &apos; s votes to guarantee the protection of intellectual property rights in the information society , because , in a few years &apos; time , intellectual property will only be in the primary telecommunications market networks .
Mr President , first of all , congratulations for Mr Zavvos and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject which has been extremely careful in which he had to be extremely careful and he has managed to make a more balanced text .
Furthermore , I think that we should look at this issue as a Parliament with regard to one of the issues which I have seen in the short term of my speech , which I have ever seen in the brief time of my membership of Parliament .
If I were then mistaken , about 300 members of people who have been part of this report , then this is a half of each MEP , and there are some people who have been injured .
It would be useful if the common position were to be adopted by Mr Watts &apos; s vote tomorrow .
Even though the Liberals have understood , there are still some Member States , as I have understood , a positive attitude , and this is certainly good .
Several other points have now been mentioned by Mr Tannert and Mr Medina .
I have to look at the possibility of whether or not the cleaning up of the tobacco industry is sufficient , because I have been in a position to read on the subject of intellectual property as a lawyer .
I should like to see whether it is still possible to make a copy of the super @-@ European shop and a copy of a copy which must be used by all these students in private .
I doubt that because this is not the case in force .
I am therefore in favour of limited measures for private purposes .
I have also reservations about technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I am afraid that this will lead to distortions within the internal market and , ultimately , the Court of Justice will have to decide on the issue of a decision @-@ making process .
I still have problems with the distribution of water in its present form .
In my opinion , this is only a link with the directive on e @-@ commerce and I hope that the Commissioner will be able to adopt this issue again .
One more point : on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope that , in the present directive , there will be a balance and a fair balance between all players and all involved , and digital technology should be a chance , not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the warm colleagues who worked constructively , all the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Stasi .
There are many problems , many of them left unresolved .
We cannot simply harmonise the cultural traditions .
There is no really happy to do with a compromise and the European Parliament is not negotiating .
It speaks from a common position .
There is a balance between anyone : between the public and the public interest .
First of all , I think and the Greens &apos; view of the Greens , which must be strengthened in the defence sphere .
He must serve to give his name .
Its position must be strengthened for future sake .
My responsibility as an author is to allow them to guarantee and ensure that , secondly , it is not just the same thing that the public should be able to guarantee and ensure that the public is not just a free imposition of freedom , but also to ensure that the public is given high @-@ quality content in their entire diversity .
We are against an extension of the transfer system , and perhaps we may perhaps be able to find a solution which is still contentious under the parties , as we are also interested to find a happy solution , because we are also keen to find a happy solution .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens are limited to amendments to amendments which are merely trying to meet and deal with Amendments Nos 34 and 36 - perhaps to say that this would be a anticipation of future contracts .
Well , let me say to say that there are many parts of the text in the text of the recitals , which are not included in favour of the Ombudsman &apos; s name but of others .
As has already been mentioned , Europe should have a big idea of whether it wants a tiny city , a European prohibitive story or then a discussion on the reactor , producers and consumers .
However , I do not want to see that Africans are governed by an intellectual property issue , a text which is correct to Europe .
That is also a possibility that we should debate .
In the same way , we will also be discussing this in the future - and I hope that will be done in the future - and I hope I will be able to discuss them with a view to cooperating together with a view to negotiating contracts .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when I refer to this question of the directive on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright , which is primarily a list of legal uncertainty , I should like to conclude by saying that we have managed to consider the right of legal uncertainty in order to reflect on this issue .
It is clear that , in this directive , there are three more agendas , the authors and authors , the consumer and the consumer , and the consumer and consumer organisations .
Producers and tobacco products are trying to take into effect between the two other and , in the majority , the directive , in the majority of the derogations , is based on derogations which , in the majority of the Legal Affairs Committee , still added .
I have the impression that the consumer &apos; s position will benefit .
But what should he use ?
I ask you what we will be used in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend it .
That is the question of the question .
In addition to my activities as a Member , I also share the availability of libraries for libraries and cyclists .
In both cases , however , certain protective and safety mechanisms , but not insecurity , need to be set up .
If I am not mistaken , then I am surprised that our Parliament , which defends the Europe of the markets , is very badly defended in the end of the system , because the list of derogations is intended to pay for them .
You will admit that this is amazing .
There is no question of the production of these goods , but it is the ones who are left to be accused of the production of these products .
I do not know if there is no longer anyone who wants to sell and produce what you sell , but , at any rate , the Europe of the markets will not go well .
So much for the markets .
If a little more serious thing is to be dealt with in the directive , it is clear that , as a matter of urgency , what happened at an hour ago , what happened before an hour would mean what happened in the television process .
For anyone who deals with history , it is amazing if we talk about this type of accident .
What is going to be done if we are to do so in the future , in order to ensure that culture , culture and cultural diversity are not confined to the heritage , are not confined to everything which is really in harmony , not least in harmony but to avoid living in their lives ?
To this end , whether or not , we will have to support it .
In addition to the support for artistic creation , it must be strengthened , but not criticised and attacked .
This is what my Group wants to defend tomorrow .
Mr President , the report before us on copyright and the information society , which is so known as the information society , is indicative of the increasing SPA of a Community system , a single market which is not a product in fact , in which it is not a product that is not a product , no good service .
While the damage caused by this system is clear , it is clear that the harmonisation of the system is less protected than the Member States - and I myself myself - are now presenting the Commission and the Council to make all cultural services , as Mrs Fraisse explained just now .
It is absolutely absurd that the institutions of this European Union are currently in a position to become involved in the fight against illegal and competitive globalisation .
Therefore , I believe that we are trying to stop this process of speeding up a process which will stop the European idea of using its content and their purpose .
I hope that the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , as Mrs Fraisse rightly explained , is contrary to the traditions of this House which so far have defended the diversity of European artistic plans and the special elements of European civilisation .
The information society is just a pretext for trying to prove that there is a lack of attempt to prove the enjoyment of the longest @-@ style , barbarous and spiritual property .
Mr President , copyright is in the process of two interests , on the one hand in the interests of two interests , the producers and productive structures , and the interests of consumers .
It could be said that the consumer &apos; s interest is a social interest in ensuring that knowledge and cultural interests are protected , rather than repression and unlawful interests .
Of course , and those who need to be given a reasonable economic return , they must be given a reasonable economic return to me and the popular movement which I represent .
One is consumer interest and consumers &apos; interest in the use of knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country I come from - has a very good development which cannot be affected .
The second point is that systems of operation and sanctions which have developed in the legal cultures of different countries are not allowed to be affected .
There is a special system for us and I do not think it is addictive .
I have to say that I have rarely seen hard wars as in connection with this proposal , and this is not surprising .
We are talking about billions of contracts and the euro in a system and a sector which , in the first place , is dominated by American entertainment industry , but it should not be our duty .
In addition , there is a lack of legal questions at the very heart of the legal questions , the digital problem is not incomprehensible .
I cannot imagine that more than a few per cent of this House will have any idea of how far the problems are in reality .
This is an interesting and remarkable point that the proposal is so balanced and I would recommend my group to vote in favour of this .
Mr President , as the first speaker of my group , I would like to express my appreciation to the rapporteur on behalf of all my colleagues .
We welcome the determination to defend the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we can succeed in supporting the compromise committee by our committee , which is the right time to present .
Nobody wants to accuse them .
This should be stressed .
It was quite difficult to find a common ground in view of different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where there is a mistranslation in relation to tax issues .
We support the aim of this directive , because we want to make new creative speeches to the use of this new technology .
This directive is self @-@ eminent and promoted .
They guarantee the paradox that they can create new works and receive fair pay .
At the same time , consumers expect the right to create their existing rights to create a flow of labour , using access to new posts , if they are to be deprived of the consumer , for example , or not .
This equilibrium has been managed .
On the other hand , ladies and gentlemen , in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , we are not so pleased that this would be a definitive solution .
We urgently recommended that we have a review of this directive after 18 months .
We need to take responsibility for our work in this world area , but at the same time we will be prepared to take changes if we require the circumstances .
This is an extremely important element which we have given more emphasis .
We want to make the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Legal Affairs Committee is very responsible for the directive .
We are now interested to see as fast as possible .
Why do we have to implement it as quickly as possible ?
Because this would enable the European Union to join the Treaty of intellectual property and , once again , the protection of the rights of copyright is an important global dimension .
It is a truly incredible price which we should guarantee as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor , although I still do not have a book .
The protection of intellectual property was always a concern of European Union and the European Parliament because we know that only this protection is a source of protection for culture that culture is flourishing and that economic production is taking place .
It would therefore have been possible to have a European Parliament re @-@ election .
That is not .
The first time we are witnessing the protection of intellectual property property .
With the European Parliament &apos; s assent !
We are seeing that the European Parliament only has one objective : yes , no conciliation !
After 18 months in the Council , we will have to say : now we need to go quickly .
After 18 months , Council meetings !
And then the Council says &apos; unanimously &apos; , although it could have made a majority decision , and then the report is so often the case .
And then Parliament will be asked to change this issue .
Parliament will then be superfluous !
I have never heard that Members of their governments or parties have been given so much pressure .
But if the Council , the governments , the Council and Parliament , then we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be fair .
The common position has dramatically weakened the rights of the authors of the Palestinians .
On the side of the authors and I would like to ask Parliament to give at least some of restoring these rights .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe that many of them have become rather more expensive than Mr Harbour asked a revision of the directive in 18 months .
Are we then looking at the prevailing lobbying ?
That would be a bit too rapid .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have already said what we can say about the directive .
It is not easy to take the floor now .
I would , however , like to thank our very great rapporteur .
I would also like to stress that the official line of the Liberal Group was balanced at first reading than that was the case .
That is why we believe that the common position ought to be amended fundamentally .
At first reading , we were concerned about the fact that the majority of Parliament have established the role of the Internet , that it would be possible to create a system which would also bring it to the fore in Europe , as well as possible .
These days , the net days in the web of the net , have been published in the magazine , some of the results of the Human genome .
We can all pay for the material , while we are paying for more than 3 million to be paid to it .
This is a protection of copyright .
But do we promote the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the right balance ?
In my opinion , we should consider a position on the directive .
I would also like to point out once again that the official position of our group is now the official position as possible .
The common position is a delicate compromise which should not be won because otherwise we will not manage to see the signing of the WIPO Treaty , which is of course most important .
Mr President , I feel it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
It is a little sad for me to put it into a negative and limited tone .
We must not forget that the new communications are the ideal interaction between mankind and the idea of between people at all .
There is , of course , a cause for concern about protecting copyright protection in the present era .
But the protection of these rights must not lead to the protection of people , second- or scientists of access to the property of documents which are subject to copyright .
It has been repeatedly emphasised the importance of balance between the interests of producers and consumers and this balance must be addressed .
If we are not able to reconcile this balance within the Union , then the serious consequences could be taken for the discussion of the Internet and the same media .
For example , we are going to be pro @-@ active restrictions , for example , students , coaches and scientists , and scientists could continue the logistical and programmes they have given .
Article 5 ( 5 ) of the draft directive is critical in Article 5 ( 5 ) of the principle of just just a simple procedure , as stipulated in the Berne Convention .
In addition , it is possible for Member States to be able to introduce the interests of disabled , private consumers , libraries for libraries and museums , and other users and other users and other users .
That is the case , and the Member States are in no way obliged to do so .
These decisions are under way under the principle of subsidiarity .
I stress that this is a commercial interests which , as a matter of urgency , is a matter of great concern to us , and I also think that Mr Pomes Fuster has done a good job , and I hope that we can adopt the report with relatively few changes .
Mr President , in my country , there is still a very serious tradition in my country when it comes to copyright and not protected .
With the new technologies , the protection of the European Union is all the more important to the European Union and expect a common approach to this issue .
There are many controversial points , many of which have been disputed , many of which we are discussing , and we are also open to the warnings on the other side and the other side of the consumer , and I believe that the work of Mr Zavvos and the Internal Market in this sense is an excellent one .
They have managed to substantially improve the Council &apos; s common position on protecting intellectual property law .
It is particularly important for the restriction of exceptions , and I think that this is an extremely serious amendment , although the amendment of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market should have been able to go further .
We must also take account of libraries and accountancy records so that there are no different amendments to ensure that intellectual property is observed .
Mr President , I join in the congratulations to the rapporteur , who live well , the patience of a saint and my persistence .
We are faced with a great deal of work on this difficult subject , which has been a great deal of trouble in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the conflict between the haves and the most common people in this House .
Many people believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be brought into line .
In my opinion , this should be possible , however , in the case of the current version , and it is also possible to ensure that the other parts of the world could be used as an example .
This is not an easy task .
Everyone has the right , of course , to commit themselves to the best possible existence between the consumer &apos; s rights and the right to pay protection and compensation .
Mr President , I would , of course , like to congratulate the rapporteur on his willingness to secure compensation for almost three years in the discussion .
It has , however , been difficult for the Council to accept the amendments adopted by the European Parliament at first reading .
As I have said , the aim of the new directive is to adapt the current legislation to the new technologies under consideration in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum regarding the protection of copyright in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , but it should not be a supranational area .
The cultural and economic challenges are considerable , and the Internet must be developed with an impressive speed , and the Internet must have a legal framework as the United States has introduced two years ago .
We must therefore act as a matter of urgency , as this directive is a crucial factor in the fight against piracy ( which I am particularly concerned with is the real scourge of the information society , which is a real scourge of the information society , which , in the case of the conditions , are particularly applicable to the same quality as the original language is .
The production of water is a recognised criminal phenomenon .
It is perfectly normal that there should be reasonable compensation and balance .
In order for these applications to be reserved for truly private ends , the legislator must be sufficiently restrictive , and it must not be possible to allow the necessary definition .
I therefore support a restrictive definition of the telecommunications market .
On the protection of the works , poverty relief must be given to the possibility of using technical measures .
That is why we must fight for the so @-@ called trainer operation by using the public service providers which can be evaded and encourage these safeguards to be penalised , thus encourage the creation of protected works .
This in constant upheaval , which is in constant upheaval , gives rise to many questions and concerns .
The directive must lead to a balance between the interests of consumers and those who have the interests of the consumer .
It represents an attempt to respond to these issues as quickly as possible , which must be insufficient .
The review of the directive after a period of two years will allow us to determine what gaps and weaknesses are , in view of the evolving development of the information society .
Mr President , in my country &apos; s country to say : &quot; It is up to us to say &quot; it is a mistake to say &quot; .
In other words , as far as authors and proof are concerned , the hope that this Parliament is looking at today and tomorrow is one of this Parliament &apos; s conscience .
Mr President , we believe that it is possible , Mr President , to believe that it is possible to provide the gap between the new technologies and the future of the creative technologies , and the continuity of the creative nature of the creative team , which is not enough , and the continuity of the creative climate , which is inadequate and not fair .
That is why the demagogic imposition , the demagogic resistance and financial interests disguise the whole society &apos; s full debate in this respect .
Let us not be naïve , Mr President .
The distribution of values and distribution are economic values , which are always the basis of intellectual property rights and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council &apos; s common position makes a high level of observation .
On behalf of the consumer , the right of protecting children &apos; s holdings , as well as the scenes , is to accept the creative freedom and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communication technologies are not a opponents of intellectual and instructive , but we must not claim that there is a monopoly in the world in which we live in the world , when it comes to defending the weaker section , i.e. the author .
We do not on behalf of consumers &apos; consumer rights , and we do not accept the worst aspect of the consumer &apos; s rights , and this is the worst sin of the text - that it does not give rise to the creation of the technology .
Mr President , despite a great many efforts and some progress , I congratulate him on the whole of our rapporteur and I congratulate him on the fact that there is still no text , the three fundamental freedoms of the cultural movement : the creative freedom , freedom of movement and freedom of consumer freedom .
If we are not able to achieve this , Europe will lose some of its basic values .
Our languages , Mr President , can be very little use if the altar of technology is to be monopolised only by the formulations that every country of the world is facing .
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank the Members of the political groups for the 32 Members who have allowed me to submit a few amendments in plenary .
In fact , in certain crucial points , I am convinced that the position adopted by the European Parliament was adopted just two years ago by an overwhelming majority .
Above all , we are talking about further restrictions in order to establish a clear regulation on the basis of the Internet sector in accordance with the electronic commerce directive , and the possibility of the Member States &apos; ability to provide technical safeguards and the possibility of implementing technical safeguards without the internal market .
I represent that position ?
Firstly , for reasons of principle .
What is more important than the protection of the defence market ?
Can something more be done than the product of human beings as innovative ?
The European Parliament has always been the guardian of Europe &apos; s heritage , and this must also apply to the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , then there will be nothing more than anyone who can be allowed to be able to be able to be accused of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of any kind .
There is no evidence without any guarantees of creativity for creativity and innovation .
This debate , however , is purely beyond purely administrative terms .
It is not going to fall into the detriment of employment .
At the moment , there are approximately 100 000 jobs in the European Union &apos; s court .
The state is also created by the State .
In the case of the Belgian State alone , which I am well aware of , this is something which I am well aware of , and that applies to all corners of the European Union .
We must be quite clear about the process .
I endorse the comments made by Mr Rothley .
There are therefore enough reasons for supporting the amendments I have tabled jointly with many other Members , and I would like to thank you at this stage .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive is important for growth and competitiveness in Europe , but it should not be more difficult for the use of the Internet .
If we confirm electronic commerce with higher costs , Europe will be able to increase the world &apos; s global economic area in ten years &apos; time , as it was set up in Lisbon .
If we in Parliament want to reinforce confidence in us as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent , and the directive on e @-@ commerce and this directive must be coherent in their entirety .
This is why we are not going to change Article 5 ( 1 ) or Amendment No 33 , which is not designed to legislate on a piecemeal framework regulation .
We must not allow ourselves to ensure that we are creating regulations that restrict the freedom of speech or free movement of information .
The electoral roll @-@ out of a cigarette packet should be very high .
If one small one , which takes place all a second one , we are trying to monitor the basis of the Internet and to monitor the productivity of the Internet with high use of countries with high use of the Internet .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must be the spearhead and the main beneficiaries , not the technical form .
We must give them the opportunity to choose their programmes and the music they want to play .
