Finally , I would like to say that it is totally incomprehensible that the American authorities bear witness to the risks of these nomads .
If we look at the development of certain types of industry in the United States and the increase in extremely serious pollution in the American population , then all the American residents should be treated .
I therefore hope that the new ban on the use of this flood industry in Europe will give us the American consumers and grandchildren , so that further discussion will be discussed within the WTO .
Mr President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur for his report and the committees on the proposal for a directive on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive amending Directive 96 / 22 of the Council on banning the use of certain substances in animal production .
The Commission &apos; s preliminary proposal is to increase our food safety and our international obligations under the Convention on the application of the Convention on whistle @-@ blowing , the so @-@ called &apos; Wild Agreement &apos; .
This House is well aware that the current ban on the use of the application of the World Trade Organisation has been put into question and that the assessment of the risk proposed by the European Community was proposed by the European Community in 1998 .
As you know , the Commission has made an additional assessment of this type of decision in order to take account of the assessment of risk assessment which has been issued by the WTO sitting .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee has announced that the Scientific Committee , in connection with public health , published opinions on the possible harmful effects of depleted uranium products in beef and human health .
This opinions has been scrutinised and confirmed in May 2000 .
It was pointed out that it was possible for no six @-@ month withdrawal of animals to be calculated on bovine animals .
With regard to the blatant 17 @-@ year @-@ olds , we considered that the content of this substance has been considered as a bargaining factor , as it has done so in terms of both strife and effectiveness .
More information has been found for the other five @-@ year resolution .
In the context of this conclusions , the Commission proposed that it should be a carcinogenic substance , given the fact that it is a carcinogenic substance .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the ban on the other five of the other sets of decision @-@ making should be retained until there is comprehensive scientific information .
This measure will be investigated regularly and , therefore , in accordance with our international commitments .
I am delighted that the report supports this approach .
With this proposal , the Commission has also made the necessary legal basis for the revision of the definitive and preliminary interim arrangements within the framework of the financial framework period in order to make a rapid reaction to new information and thus increase the situation .
I am particularly sorry that the adoption of the interim programme for approval was not supported by the report .
Many of you know my views on this matter .
I have been discussing the question of the application of the electoral system with you in several bilateral discussions , and I note that the Commission has not voted in favour of the amendments tabled .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider his position on this issue , because I think it is extremely important that the issue of environmental proceedings should be taken seriously .
If Parliament refuses to renew the annexes , not renunciation on the part of the electoral code , then I believe it is not enough to ensure that consumers have already discussed the health of consumers in this debate , both in connection with BSE and with this particular issue .
How can we justify the delay in the adaptation and approval of the wording if a Commission &apos; s pre @-@ accession scheme is recommended to include another investigation in the list ?
How can this be justified ?
One person said that this would be a political issue .
I utterly reject this statement .
This is a scientific question .
This is precisely why the WTO has done so .
I am very concerned about the fact that , if Parliament left its position on this subject , there is a danger that it is not in a position to accept the fact that it is not accepted , but the codecision procedure is not acceptable .
I have experienced this all .
I have already had such a debate with Parliament and I know what I have to say .
Members will be able to vote on the matter , and that is what is going on .
These are not exactly what they are going to vote on , precisely as they are not informed about this particular issue .
I also believe that so many people are going to be able to vote in favour of such a drastic issue as a matter of this magnitude to consumers , without knowing that they are going to produce a procedure which takes advantage of the procedure and , on the basis of a clear scientific recommendation , in the annex to a clear scientific recommendation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would urge you to reconsider your position and give rise to greater priority .
If you look at the question of subsidiarity as more important than the interinstitutional conciliation process between Parliament and the Commission , whether it requires full codecision legislation .
This is a scientific situation which is based on scientific recommendations , which was taken by the Commission and which will be included in an annex to a Annex , which is a full responsibility for the part of Parliament on this issue .
I have already pointed out this issue and on this subject , that I am not going to disregard Parliament &apos; s position on the position of Parliament when it comes to the debate .
I would therefore ask you , ladies and gentlemen , to take serious account of the rights of consumers , the question of adequate consumer protection and also to bear in mind that the work of food safety will be carried out next year .
It will be a task of averages .
If a danger emerges , we can recommend that the executive is immediately a response to the executive .
Sometimes this will make the Commission a legislative solution .
It makes it easier to achieve this under the application of the contract , and we can help the consumer with rapid reaction .
But if this is only possible in the codecision procedure , it will be possible to delay .
I would now like to comment on the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the amendments which the Commission cannot adopt .
The Commission can accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 6 , 7 and 10 , which I have already mentioned , which I do not agree with .
Nor can they be able to support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 , in which the introduction of the lists in favour of the submission of the lists will finally be rejected and re @-@ introduce the codecision procedure .
Amendment No 1 relates to a sound justification for the decision to keep the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment because it will be possible to develop the results of all future investigations .
Amendment No 2 seeks the Commission to finance research research into the five @-@ year period .
This is unacceptable .
The Commission is not under Community law or under the WTO under Community law .
On the contrary , the WTO is asking for a risk assessment on the basis of all the scientific data available .
Nevertheless , such studies are not excluded from the European Union &apos; s administration .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 , which call for effective environmental protection to be effective .
I should like to point out that , in the Member States and at Community level , there are already negotiating systems .
For example , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council Directive on controls and delays , the Council is already monitoring .
The Commission has also proposed that the provisions of the directive should be dealt with by the provisions of the directive to be dealt with by 1 July .
Mrs Grossetête proposes in her Amendment No 15 to make this provision dependent on adequate alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on the basis of clear scientific knowledge in view of clear scientific knowledge .
Furthermore , there has been a topical and urgent study that there are sufficient alternatives for the removal of water registers for therapeutic or non @-@ incineration purposes in the Community .
This study should be made available to Parliament as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , in principle , Amendment No 8 , which deals with scientific data , as she responds to the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson for his excellent report and support his support for this important issue .
To summarise , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 7 , 7 , 13 , 13 , 13 , 13 , 13 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 and in principle Amendment No 10 which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , needless to say , I respect the position of Commissioner Byrne who supports it .
But what we want to achieve is not an extension of the procedure , but it is a question of having a discussion here , and we are talking about a discussion , as with many other problems .
Yesterday I held in Stockholm with a representative of the American negotiators who were not in the European position .
Therefore , we must not discuss purely scientific issues in this House , but also to deal with the type of views that is taking place in relation to the facts of the precautionary principle .
So this is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the process .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of the Swedish patent
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; Alba , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport .
Mr President , I should like to start by saying that this report is important , and there have been a few evidence of the fact that films are suppressed , and there are also a number of English who practise works , Leonardo de Vinci , and a man from my home country .
I have to concentrate on these works , the rich of language , the rich of language , culture and history .
They have my thinking and my view of the matter .
The background to my work was that of the sinking which many people are keen to read .
I am thinking in particular of access to alternatives , ideas and possibilities .
I come from very simple terms and in a poor area with low opportunities and modest prospects .
But when I talk of a misunderstanding , I have left the books books , and many other people have the same .
I am very grateful to the authors and those who have been told that they have allowed me to assure me that they have allowed me to ensure that other people can do this .
So what is this in the report ?
I should like to make it quite clear that , in our final age , the framework conditions which exist in the Member States , whether they are now about the protection of intellectual property law , taxation , taxation and grants , will continue to be applied to the regulation of demand and aid .
It has always been more than just a use and a use , and in a world which is increasingly dependent on goods .
The electronic highway includes four specific areas : electronic books , electronic mail , via via via via via via via via via via via via the Internet via the Internet .
We need to make sure that we have the necessary political consistency which will allow all these developments to be achieved .
So what is this report ?
First of all , we must promote a strong growth and development of these areas and the broad use of electronic media in Europe .
We need an affordable access to these media for all Europeans and the necessary conciliation mechanisms .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by means of the use of e @-@ commerce and enabling the traditional publishing industry to make it easier for the traditional publishing industry to become a world of e @-@ mails .
In order to achieve this objective , we must be concerned about the appropriate policies which facilitate this sort of growth and ensure that all citizens have access to appropriate election and access to access .
A number of demands are made in my report .
The EU &apos; s institutions have an important role to ensure that future growth is established .
Firstly , the Commission can produce a comprehensive political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all contribute to promoting policies which promote literacy and promote digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should develop and develop mechanisms for developing SMEs in this sector , together with the Member States , and we must ensure that the workers &apos; rights are respected and ensure that employees &apos; workers are given the opportunity to develop their competences in the new era .
Member States should ensure that the current market rules are monitored and continued for electronic commerce .
This is all in the context of our potential and , in this way , I recommend to the House that I hope that , in general , he will have a variety of models , so that everyone can benefit from the benefits and fruits that will develop the development of this new sector .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O &apos; s report on her report , which has taken the dramatic changes which have taken place in the new technologies in recent years .
We all have to rethink the concept of a book as a group of experts or as President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council .
It has taken place a revolution which will be even more interesting for everyone , even more interesting and more urgent .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies which we must tackle in order to deal with the new ways of setting up the process and achieve conciliation .
The question of whether or not we have to protect a book from the untrammelled market , we supported the major importance of both the book and the vote in our society , and that is important as far as possible .
The possibility of providing information on the Internet with regard to the Internet and the status of the Internet , which explains the way in which intellectual property and the status of the author are concerned , are also being threatened by the fact that large sections of the population are denied access to the new media .
inequalities in the fields of non @-@ sex districts , rural areas and the disadvantaged groups can prove themselves as harmful to the letter of high percentage and reading .
This problem is so serious that we can talk about a threat to social cohesion , and that is the risk of a threat to social cohesion by developing countries in time .
However , all Member States need to make access to books and make them easier for the rest of the European Union to make them easier for the future of the European Union , and there is no room for a mere book or in electronic terms .
Madam President , Commissioner , books is an important medium and medium @-@ sized culture in order to offer culture , and this is a modern piece of work .
That is why I think this report is very good .
I thank the rapporteur for the tremendous work that has been done and the many analyses that they have carried out .
This area is in constant force .
However , it is not only the area of importance but also to use consumption .
Read production is a form of consumption and we need careful incentives .
People must always decide how they spend their time .
Together with my colleagues , Mr Graça Moura , I have tabled an amendment to the call for a European day of time .
We have proposed 23 April , because this day we pass the courtesy of the birthday and the most brutal way round .
This is therefore covered by the whole of Europe .
In a number of countries , there are already one of UNESCO &apos;s day .
However , I will leave it to the Commission to adopt a different date .
Commissioner , there is only a demand for demand .
In order to give an additional impulse , Mr Graça Moura , and also a year of time , I should like to urge you one year , but we must push it to the end .
A second problem is the impact of the marketeers .
Adequate protection of pluralism and cultural diversity must be protected .
It is clear that , as far as they are concerned , it must be fixed in the field of competition fixed in a number of Member States .
Madam President , today I would like to speak out of the point of view of the copyright area , both in both positive and negative terms .
As far as the positive side is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is one of the opportunities of the electronic book .
As far as we are concerned , this is a true fact , as is a fact that we have a less complacent state of affairs , which is the case today , namely that , in the light of the fact that the tourist industry is changing , it is essential to make it easier for electronic mail to make a basic U @-@ turn .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that access to toys is now becoming more difficult for two reasons .
Let us make no mistake .
The new technologies may , of course , be a chance of democratisation in terms of democratisation , but also an additional obstacle to education .
Finally , Madam President , I would like to call on the utmost vigilance to ensure that these new technologies remain in danger of copyright , which is particularly dangerous , because this is also in danger of creativity .
I should therefore like to point out that the same reasons must be regulated in Europe for the same reasons , i.e. to safeguard the creativity and the dissemination of their products .
( FR ) Madam President , Mrs O &apos; s very valuable report gives us the opportunity to make further ideas about the future of the book and to plan new initiatives .
As the report rightly stresses , the book is still an extremely important one in the distribution of European cultures , and , moreover , the increase in the number of chapters published , such as rich , alive and diverse .
That is why it is obvious that we are dealing with a super @-@ party which takes more account of the fact that a book has increasingly been taken into account .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy under the Structural Funds .
Are you already waiting for this ?
Allow me to mention two examples .
As a result , the figure of libraries will double the number of libraries in Greece by 2006 to 2006 .
During the same period , in the context of the operational culture programme in Portugal , EUR 38 million will be allocated to developing medicines and libraries , as well as the promotion of the report , including half the time limit for regional development .
This is also true of competition policy , which is the special importance which has been given to the people of Europe .
In addition , this applies to the activities of the field of culture .
In the debate on the Culture 2000 programme , Parliament has expressed its emphasis on the importance of supporting measures to promote the book and literature .
As the first year of implementation of the programme , this concern has been met .
In the wake of Mrs O &apos; s report , we are invited to strengthen our concerns and to take account of all aspects of technological revolution in order to ensure that the new ways in which the European Union is able to guarantee access to knowledge and to guarantee the rights of the consumer and finally guarantee the rights of staffing requirements .
The digital revolution means a window of opportunity , but also the risks .
This is the case in Mrs O &apos; s report &apos; s report , so that is why I am not going to come back to it now .
I would just like to make one comment , namely the risk of exclusion in the event that the needs of disadvantaged groups in the population are not given any special attention .
An essential prerequisite for the digital technology of education and culture will benefit from their accessibility .
I am confident that it is acceptable to accept that between generations , between those of generations , between those who are involved , between those who are involved in their life and in professional life , and those who have full benefits from the new technologies and risk to a digital divide , have to face a digital divide .
In my opinion , we must not just establish that a gulf of this kind is , and repugnant , we can do nothing but we can do everything possible to close them .
We can certainly take action .
They are a culture , a social task which we are represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
In addition , I believe that globalisation , if we manage to control them , and digital technology , does not automatically destroy the destruction of national and regional cultures .
In order to adapt to the new reality of the information society , cultural industry will undoubtedly become a long and rapid change .
In other words , we must be guided by these changes , and we must not just allow them to carry out their development .
We must start with the beginning of their development , so that the digital age can offer new momentum , and at the same time we can make a more competitive environment .
One first of them &apos; s budget , although it is a modest measure , relates to networking management and their cooperation .
It is clear that the Commission has the most important role to play in this area , and in the proposals for the Culture 2000 programme , I stressed the fact that the implementation of several projects is being implemented by the Belgian and telephone authorities .
If the experiment are convincing , further measures are planned for the tax industry under consideration of the cultural industry .
In my opinion , this is a new area which is not sufficiently problematic and that we have a basic , predictable and predictable role .
Apart from the specific actions of the programme , I would like to mention a whole series of accompanying measures which are designed to assist the most vulnerable and the most vulnerable to their digital revolution and which , therefore , satisfy the demands of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ initiative initiative which I launched in May , concerns the infrastructures of education , which are a prerequisite for further action .
The Commission services have drawn up a programme for implementation of this initiative .
Furthermore , the Commission is funding - and this will continue , in particular , to carry out pilot projects in the programme of general education , which specifically focuses on the use of the technologies in the field of general education and , together with the Leonardo programme , the main plank of our activities .
In addition , the creation of partnerships between the public and private sectors also means that there is a shortage of competition in education .
The aim of the e @-@ Europe initiative is to ensure that the information society is characterised by a social security system .
By the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and between the end of 2001 will allow access to the Internet , including in the less @-@ favoured regions , including in the less @-@ favoured regions , and until the end of 2002 .
Another area of ours is to extend services to the development of content in the field of e @-@ mail and e @-@ mails .
The e @-@ programme programme , which has now been adopted for a period of four years , has to promote development and exploitation of European content .
It is now possible to exercise cooperation with the European Investment Bank in cooperation with the European Investment Bank and the availability of venture capital for the environment .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB are working towards the financing of the cultural industry .
We have a new business of the future , that is to say to our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is also a prerequisite for greater mobilisation and visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal presented by several of you - Mr Graça Moura , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , who submitted a European Year of new approach to the new approach and order .
However , the meeting of such a year is not possible for several reasons , but we should consider one day or a month of the new approach and reading that they could be organised from 2002 .
We should not already lay down a specific option , but we should discuss it in order to take the best decision in the Culture 2000 programme .
So I am in favour of a discussion in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport with the parties concerned in order to find the solutions and diversity of diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument , an instrument , but this tool can be a tool to develop our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos; s name and also the Committee on the Environment , Public O and Sport .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place sooner .
Vote
Madam President , a number of MEPs have rightly pointed out the existence of the MEDA programme , and I would ask this House to ask for an oral amendment to the following wording : call the Commission a special programme to set up a special programme in order to achieve and strengthen the cost of aquaculture . &quot;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
on the recitals of the recitals and C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , there are the first amendment which we are going to vote on , a possible compromise with its authors to be withdrawn if it is extended to withdraw Amendment No 1 .
This recital was deleted ) The whole first part of &apos; Colombia Plan &apos; and the other text .
I think that with the separate vote on the original text of recital b , we can vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would vote against the second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise on the following vote .
In the case of Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the Party of European Socialists , this would be the first time that we would first like to vote on one part of the original text , on the grounds that the Colombia plan to &apos; multi @-@ social actors &apos; should be included .
Then we would have voted on a second part of vote on a second part which would wish to withdraw the applicant , and then we would be voting on this proposed Amendment No 2 .
Consequently , we agree first of all on the original text of separate parts and then on Amendment No 2 as a addition to consideration .
Mr Mombaur , rapporteur , as rapporteur for the Group of the Party of European Socialists , I have been puzzled by this issue .
What Mr Miranda says is true , but the statement is that it is an amendment .
As you can ignore , the services have made a mistake , and the services of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party have made a mistake and that the group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party has been allowed to abstain .
That is why Mr Miranda is absolutely right to see what the vote is now and I fully agree with him , but this is not an alternative amendment .
These were a purely technical error from the services .
I have complete clarity in the text of the SVC .
The following words at the start of Amendment No 14 &apos; s amendment : &quot; Plan Plan Colombia is not the right @-@ wing Race and ...
Madam President , I would just like to confirm what Mr Howitt has said .
In some versions , particularly in Portugal , Dutch , Dutch , where there is the Spanish and English version , the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; , which is in the Spanish and English version , is wrong .
The translation in these versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; Alba , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders in the electoral system : to 2000 and 2000 / 2000 ( INI ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) We abstained from the vote on this report , as we are going to abstain from the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola .
We do not want to make the lowest possible opportunity for some - even though , as we know quite clearly , the financial compensation of the Union for fishing in the waters of the Ivory Coast of the European Union is important to the communities of these two countries .
However , we are opposed to the fact that this is a hypocrisy of aid for these countries , or even for their population .
Even today , under his statement as &apos; aid &apos; or &quot; Agreement &apos; , it is evident that these figures will be further exploited in these figures , that the African continent will continue to be exploited to European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0193 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report to amend the directive on the development of the Community railway companies .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report , and I would like to express my wish to say that Mr Jarzembowski has more often the same results , because he has the best result of the results of freight transport throughout Europe .
I hope , Mr Jarzembowski , can describe such sound results when it comes to taking action to the Council for the elderly and pensioners .
I have been impressed by the success of the conciliation committee on this matter .
, in writing .
( FR ) In the two reports of the delegation on the development of Community railway undertakings and the granting of licensing licensing to railway undertakings , the creation of a compromise will be welcomed by the latest opening up of a compromise on the complete opening up of rail transport by the latest .
This compromise will pave the way for new proposals on liberalisation , i.e. privatisation other sectors , such as the steel industry , crew .
However , the recent tragic accidents in Great Britain , which , for example , are fatal in Germany , are the serious implications of the privatisation of this private service .
And if the mismanagement in the transport of freight transported by one mainly road transport are being exploited in social terms , the liberalisation of the railways is to be put right , at least as a result of the liberalisation of rail transport .
For a long time now , throughout Europe , we have long started to promote the interests of private companies in all its forms .
Since the time is now to be filled , some sections of the telecommunications market turn to the search for new profits from the rail system , which is backed by the European institutions and by national governments .
Neither the users of the users , nor the population , have the lowest benefits to expect .
The same applies to the employees of this sector , which are designed to destroy or remove its devastating consequences for employment and working conditions and combat working conditions .
Needless to say , we are faced with the battle of these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two reports .
I think it appropriate to draw attention to the vote in this explanation of vote in the development of the European rail system , which has been made , thanks to the recent ones , in the context of the French @-@ Italian Summit in Turin , to the way in which the European construction of the South Moluccans has been allocated to the construction of the South Moluccans and the new negotiating programme .
This decision will be made more ambitious in the light of a successful marker , which is of secondary importance in terms of strengthening rail transport and shift from road transport to rail .
As I have already said in the Chamber , it was extremely difficult to get rid of the fact that there are too dangerous delays , in the planning of the north @-@ east @-@ olds and , today , we have a determination to take steps towards the development of the trans @-@ European transport network in this century .
I would like to add that the decision of Italy and France , which the European Commission has fully supported , is in line with the electoral process .
It is also positive that , in January of this year , the Commission has made some of its GNP of interest compared to the fact that the Council is empowered to sign the protocol and wish to sign this protocol as soon as possible .
This project , which has now been developed in favour of a reduction in rail transport in the Alpine region , is bound by the aim of making a definite U @-@ turn approach to road transport , with a clear break @-@ up approach .
In this regard , I have already taken hope of the Commission that the route @-@ line railway line will finally be extended in the course of the next few years to develop trans @-@ European transport network .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at the reopening of the decision taken in Turin on the summer following the 1995 meeting .
The French and Italian authorities have demonstrated their decision to breed international transport in this tunnel , rationally and show sense .
I would urge the Commission to support this decision in favour of a high @-@ speed and proper administrative reduction in transport .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications of nurses , shredding , etc .
First of all , I was referring to the fact that , particularly for junior doctors , who are supposed to be able to move out in the European Union , they have had to be given the right time , but I have been able to see medical aid from both Italy and France , but I have seen the same level of aid to both Italy and France .
I therefore think it would be beneficial if all the people in Europe were able to travel freely and from doctors who have the same training .
So I would like to see a single European corporate body .
McNally report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on an electoral basis for the equipment of information and information technology .
My friend , the pensioners who , I am sorry to tell you , is that , when I came to Brussels , I see to Brussels that energy pricing should be achieved with this directive if staff are to leave their offices and leave the computer in so @-@ called @-@ hoc manner .
Having discussed the usefulness of this document , which has been broadly discussed and explained , I was told that these pensioners were at the end of the discussions .
I would now like to ask Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on the banning of 17 minutes and all the other substances which are so harmful to the human body because it knows that , as you know , growth and development are affected in conjunction with them .
I have , however , learned that the Finance Ministers of our States are not necessarily opposed to an arbitrary clause which , as we know , will increase the development of animals so that they can grow faster .
But why do they not stand against it ? &quot;
Last night , I believe that I have a response to this : perhaps our ministers hope that if the growth of the animals is speed up , people will also be able to develop more quickly , so they are not so long @-@ old or pensioners , and hence state funds .
Mr President , I voted for the support of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Japan , the Republic of Korea and New Zealand , because that is clearly a positive factor .
I hope for the future that closer cooperation can be given directly to the improvement of the living conditions of the elderly in these countries .
I also hope that we will be able to look at the opportunity to deal with those countries in these countries in order to see whether or not we can be able to do so in order to improve the legal conditions for the regulation of the elderly .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for several reasons .
Firstly , there is no legal framework for the projects .
This is right because it does not fall within the scope of the EU .
The Member States &apos; cooperation is that of this kind , without its own EU jurisdiction .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur find a legal basis in Articles faithful and 308 .
The Commission is not explicit about what activities are included under Article 138 and what Article 308 is , as far as the jurisdiction is concerned , there are still uncertainty about competences .
In addition , the Commission proposes one budget line .
However , it is not desirable for programmes to multiannual programmes and high @-@ scale projects , because the Commission should not be able to conduct any independent policy for the applicant countries .
Furthermore , the Commission has promised to work more effectively , by making it more effective .
The Commission must represent the EU Member States in the WTO .
A preliminary comment on this is the role of the Member States .
This is not the case for deepening and enlargement .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , impact on developing countries and the environment .
Therefore , a more Community @-@ oriented trade policy is not appropriate .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report , we see an improvement on the Commission &apos; s proposal , but it also highlights the problems identified .
That is why we abstained from voting .
Muscardini Report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy set by the European Council for relations with the countries of the Mediterranean .
My country , Italy , is an electoral system .
I therefore think it is necessary for the European Union to pay more attention to neighbouring countries in the south , which are separate to us .
I propose that those who will be responsible for this area of our policy , propose that the regulation , which will enable all workers to be re @-@ financed in the southern Balkans , should be extended to include all workers apart from the Mediterranean countries apart from the Mediterranean countries apart from the Mediterranean .
Many workers in this Mediterranean countries are moving in Europe , and I therefore believe that they should also be part of the advantages of a single pension .
The Barcelona process gave rise to hope for relations between the European Union and twelve countries in the Mediterranean .
However , it has been realised that this instrument has proved to be insufficient .
For political reasons , the complex peace process in the Middle East is an important reason , but not the only one .
As priorities for change , the report calls for the simplification and flexibility of the MEDA programme and to develop measures for developing the Mediterranean countries and which we can only agree with .
In the light of the major importance of the Mediterranean area for the European Union , the Council adopted a common strategy for this region in time .
It is therefore hoped that this time the political will to ensure that cooperation between the Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean and the countries of the Mediterranean is advancing together with the European Union .
It is not , of course , a matter for the Nordic dimension , but because it is a path which is desirable in the context of this cooperation , as is desirable and preventing Europe with a single centre .
At the same time , we are now asking the European Union to concentrate on the sea , and the European Union could be very good , and the following will be very good to give it a more important dimension ...
I would like to comment on the rapporteur , Mrs Grossetête , my colleague and friend .
I have followed the work of the work on this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
The result of the work of the child sex Democrat was entirely justified by all those who supported their authorisation as rapporteur , because her report received only one vote against voting and there was no abstention .
In any event , if so , the value of the document drafted and preparing the document is not high enough .
It was true that it was their duty , but it is not the case that the European Parliament recognises this by an overwhelming majority .
That is why I should like to congratulate my colleague and friend my colleague , Mrs Roth @-@ Behrendt .
Naïr Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the intensification of the Barcelona process proposed in this report .
That is a logical consequence of my previous explanation of vote .
I believe that , as far as Turkey is concerned , the Mediterranean countries are as well as Turkey .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but I would also like to see the possibility of developing EU accession to the Mediterranean countries .
I consider this to be the same as two same coin .
. ( FR ) I would like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur for his work .
It is true that his report on the Barcelona process is indeed very comprehensive and I will only touch on some of the points that have been raised .
First of all , it was pointed out that the Commission &apos; s communication was founded on &apos; intensification of the Barcelona process &apos; .
The outcome is honest .
Of the three fields of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , politics , social security , culture and human rights , the latter and economic and financial sectors , have been implemented in the latter .
But here too , things still need to be desired !
In this area there is one thing more ambitious : while our partners are looking to opening up their markets in sectors where we are the most competitive policy of the European Union , the Union &apos; s non @-@ binding policy on agricultural products is damaging to these countries .
As the rapporteur says , we want a &quot; free trade &quot; area in accordance with the conditions established by Europe .
This kind of attitude is irresponsible , especially irresponsible .
If we do not want it , we are not really hypocritical because we want to create a region of common prosperity .
The low importance which the European Union &apos; s structure of this partnership and the European Union must finally be criticised must be quite clear .
This is an abuse of the Union &apos; s interest in sustainable economic and social development , and the political stability of this continent on the other side of the Mediterranean , the south @-@ east Europe .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean Partnership must be promoted urgently .
The rapporteur puts forward several possibilities .
For my part , I would like to commend a more rigorous approach to the political stage .
The new international concept is undoubtedly an opportunity for us to take .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East .
The solution to the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means that the right to safety for Israel and all the other States of the region and the recognition of the Palestinian right of the Palestinian people , together with an viable and internationally recognised state , must be adopted as quickly as possible in the same way as soon as possible .
In addition , the European Union must use more financial resources and human resources as well as interregional cooperation and the involvement of civil society .
As a result of my satisfaction , I would like to express my satisfaction that the Swedish Presidency intends to look into the way in which the Swedish Presidency is looking at the way in which the French Presidency is to follow the way forward .
Hopefully we will be waiting for them to be translated into practice quickly .
That is why I voted for the Di Pietro report .
It is deplorable that human rights and its application should not be sufficiently taken into account in the Barcelona process .
For this reason , I voted for a number of amendments , for example for Amendments Nos 1 / 4 .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian @-@ Democratic minority in Egypt , because these people are treated in their own village as well as people who are treated in their own country .
It is also regrettable that the movement of the community of Christian Lebanon is also regrettable .
I am convinced that , alongside the economic and monetary affairs of the protection of ethnic , religious and cultural minorities in the Mediterranean countries , it is a prerequisite for further progress in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) The Naïr report on the European Union &apos; s Mediterranean policy is vague .
In this way , it is not the intention for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
While the rapporteur can vote in favour of this point in respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms , the report raises problems in which the other social questions will be dealt with .
First of all , the report advocates the Commission &apos; s project , which advocates that free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries are founded .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which states : &quot; Due to the stimulus for liberalisation of the Mediterranean partners and the implementation of structural reforms , it is vital that the structural reforms should be competitive so that we can compete in commercial markets . &quot;
The central question of the external debt is to be dealt with in the report only in the context of a &apos; user @-@ keeping &apos; area , while the European governments need to make a fully competitive request .
As far as immigrants are concerned , the Naïr report are being adopted in the Naïr report , which criminalises illegal migration and illegal immigration .
Women and women have never been allowed to have borders .
It must be seen as illegal immigrants as a result of the interests of the mafia and the trafficking in human beings .
We must have the will to open the limits .
Finally , while the right to the Palestinian people is recognised by the rapporteur , his justified demands will remain justified , namely the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return .
For these reasons , I did not vote for this report .
Resolution on &apos; Colombia Plan &apos; ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We voted in favour of the resolution on Colombia , but it is only because of the introduction of a developed plan to combat drug trafficking , which means that rural groups are the most vulnerable to the most vulnerable of the consumer .
The main objective of this intervention intervention is to facilitate capitalist resources , capitalist groups .
We are opposed to the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , and we also reject Great Britain &apos; s intervention in Sierra Leone and the question of indirect or indirect action , in Rwanda and Congo .
We are also talking about the plans for the plans of privatising the Colombian economy and against the measures that have been taken by the Ethiopian economy and against the reduction of the population .
But , as far as the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is concerned , it is mainly a question of achieving the necessary conditions for investment in the price of the dominant powers .
In short , we are against any repression and resettlement of the people who were trying to express our vote .
The Colombia plan for the United States was totally left @-@ wing , without any consulting the various social and political actors , and without any consulting the Colombian Minister .
As a result of the fight against drug trafficking , this is not a very dangerous solution to the fight against drug trafficking , which criminalises small producers who criminalise their homes by small producers and the environment , and they are forced to abandon their homes .
With his resolution on the peace process in Colombia , the Committee on Development and Cooperation has caused the Committee on Development and Cooperation in Colombia .
The proposed reform programme , supporting the support of the peace process in conjunction with neighbouring countries .
The use of the funds provided by the European Union must be monitored , however , to ensure that they do not serve a repressive form of supervision .
However , the first step towards peace can only be found in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and the inclusion of dialogue with the haves and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and the real drug @-@ keeping networks , measures must be taken : effective and effective preventing the flow of money from money and the introduction of a customs system on capital , which would allow the needs of all citizens to do justice to the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I asked why Mr Fatuzzo has nothing to say about this .
I would have thought that he would have been able to have a minute for us .
There is no point because we do not have a declaration as to how he voted on the Colombia plan .
Mr President , it is not possible to ask you , Mr President , to explain the masses of the masses , as he voted in favour of it .
Yes , I know that every Member can give a statement to his vote and Mr Fatuzzo has right to say &quot; no explanation &quot; , just as we thank him . &quot;
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0090 / 2000 )
Denmark makes a legal reservation , which means that we have no competence in the EU &apos; s remit .
However , cross @-@ border crime is a very serious problem which requires Member States to cooperate .
I have decided to vote in favour of this report and to vote in favour of paragraph 5 on a common Public Prosecutor &apos; s common Public Prosecutor &apos; s common public prosecutor , because we have been able to do so in Denmark with a large number of foreign criminals which , in the past couple of years , have been able to do so with a large number of foreign criminals .
We have never before had such a kind of brutal , mad and secretive way of dealing with drugs , trafficking in women , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , human money , money laundering and people of citizens .
Since Denmark has gone a very long way off , there is the least opposition from criminals according to the principle of principle .
The majority of our politicians do not want to see the truth and try to see the citizens that international conventions are preventing our peaceful and cultural citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary to bring about justice and order in Denmark .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners in order to provide greater power than criminals .
However , the British Socialist Group in the Group of the Party of European Socialists will vote in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are also objections to certain content .
We are opposed to the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office ( paragraph 5 ) .
With the resolution , this body is intended to grant responsibility for the Member States &apos; national administration , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation established in the report .
It is debatable whether it is legally lawful to maintain national legal decision @-@ making into national legal decisions and should retain the legal independence of the Member States &apos; legal authorities .
In addition , a number of fundamental ethical uncertainties could lead to legal confusion , for example , paragraph 9 on indirect sanctions for Member States and the call for the European Court of Justice to determine the powers of the European Court of Justice to court .
Finally , the British breakdown of the cooperation in criminal matters , however , has concerns the reference to the &quot; harmonisation of criminal law &quot; in paragraph 13 , which suggests that Member States should introduce criminal law within the EU .
This may be desirable , but cooperation in criminal matters should be limited to the exchange of information and the coordination between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , provided that it is beneficial but not a general harmonisation .
.
( EL ) The rapporteur &apos; s resolution expresses the real need to extend the existing existing situation to organised crime , to extend the pretext of making public and intergovernmental protection conditional on measures and any form of national sovereignty .
All this is in the name of the creation of the area of freedom , security and justice , as is planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
Let us add : &quot; For the new world order to the post @-@ EMU era &quot; .
For the people of Europe , there is a lot to be created for the people of Europe , insecurity and prosperity .
This also shows that the so @-@ called terrorism ( as the authors of the texts are , of course , understood by the authors of the texts which have never been made more specific for understandable reasons before they are confronted with the crimes committed to crime crimes .
In the name of terrorism , it wishes to fight against any form of political opposition , the fight against human rights and the fight against their decisions on the other , and , on the other hand , they are trying to transfer the action taken to the peoples .
But who speaks of the blatant crimes and terrorism ?
In any case , the more than the population of Yugoslavia and the nuclear pollution of the EU Member States are not a organised crime and the soldiers of the EU Member States , for example , have not organised organised crime and that it is long overdue ?
Can we call for measures to combat the demonstrations in Prague , Nice and recently in Bavarian , Nice and mixed times ?
How can attacks on farmers , retired farmers and the popular movement in Greece and the sporting movement of Greece ?
We too are in favour of combating organised crime .
But this cannot be done by means of the forces to combat the popular world &apos; s fight against the movement of popular organisations such as the EU and the consequent increase in crime , such as those in favour of organised crime with political bodies and government , for example , the KLA responsible for the cleaning up of organised crime with the people of Europe .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution is to make the necessary instruments to reduce the rights and freedoms of the people , and he speaks of all the idea of national sovereignty in order to complete the &quot; law of the new order &quot; , and is dangerous to the people of Europe .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we want to make a more effective and more effective fight against organised crime within the EU by creating capacity for the national penal systems .
We are , however , opposed to point 5 of the fact that the Union is calling for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which is responsible for jurisdiction on the whole territory of the Member States &quot; , which means that the European Public Prosecutor replace the national prosecutor &apos; s office .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which reflects the national authorities , but this is not replaced by this .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) , insofar as it is possible to harmonise national definitions of criminal crimes , so that infringement proceedings can be prevented , but we assume that this does not preclude the harmonisation of all national legal systems .
For paragraph 8 , we voted in favour of a sensible reduction in the number of inter @-@ border cooperation between experts such as judges or magistrates , for example .
Although we voted in favour of paragraph 9 , the proposal contained in favour of sanctions , in our opinion , on the basis of the purely intergovernmental procedure .
There is no possibility that there is a need for a better legislative effort , as it would be if the Community competence under the Community competence .
In the resolution tabled , the European Parliament calls for the reform of the Treaty on the European Union to submit the European Court of Justice to determine the European Court of Justice &apos; s commitments in this area .
The fact that Parliament does not merely limit the European legislation in this resolution , but also the instruments of the Council of Europe , should not be confined to EU legislation , but it would also be a very dangerous precedent which would make it possible to implement a great deal of confusion in the future .
The idea that sanctions against Member States are not sufficiently adequate to comply with the requests for Mutual Assistance in the legal framework of legal assistance is in stark contradiction with the instruments adopted in the Title XIII of the Treaty on European Union .
One of the reasons for dealing with sanctions against Community partners in the EU is a disturbing development , which gives rise to a racist Europe of the right to a man of justice .
Finally , I would like to point out that the first two points in the explanatory statement of the explanatory statement contained in the explanatory statement in the explanatory statement of the Luxembourg Treaty had no longer been banned .
O &apos; Alba report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why we were Greens in the Greens to be positive .
We are talking about both paragraphs and 13 in the recital which , in the final analysis , are the basis for another important recital , and the sensitive points of paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 , which we all support .
Paragraph 7 concerns the desire to find a legal framework for the problems that will be created in this new market .
That was the main reason for this initiative initiative .
Why ?
Paragraph 12 calls for an amendment to be considered , which could be considered in a specific scope for the implementation of the project .
This is a problem which would inevitably confuse all existing policies .
This paragraph is not in any way contrary to paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 would only reduce the existing rules which are available for books , if , in particular , a number of institutions , such as libraries , such as libraries , such as inter alia , on the new e @-@ Europe market .
That is no contradiction .
On the contrary , this could mean important steps for the future , for this new market and for the Buddhist tradition .
That is why the Greens voted for this .
Mr President , I voted for the report on electronic commerce which I have read very closely and I have made my assent to what I could support .
I was told that , when I came to my wife in listening with my wife in the listening of a book , I was told that it is obvious that , in the case of my colleague , there is obviously good reason for good reason to give this interesting and invaluable effect .
So I have asked : &apos; Why do we not make the use of an e @-@ mail campaign which cannot be read , in the name which cannot be read .
They may also be able to learn and read them , and it is very close to those who are in close contact with disability , for example , and would like to read these stories or read them . &quot;
.
( PT ) We voted in favour of the report insofar as we consider that it is an important issue and highlights the importance of promoting the sacrosanct and physical diversity of Europe , the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe and to make sure that certain specific measures are being made to protect and protect the information and ethics systems , and that includes specific measures .
It is equally important for us to keep the fight against public education and public awareness of public opinion and awareness of public opinion , while certain technological developments are required , especially the right to protect the protection of forest protection and the rights of owners , particularly the right of the authors .
We must ensure that electronic commerce is fully taken into account and that this important area is able to prosper in addition to traditional economic networks , which both places side side .
I welcome the fact that the report highlights linguistic and cultural diversity as well as the crucial contribution of the previous word to cultural development in the various European regions .
In view of this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the comments contained in the report &apos; s report will cover the number of languages .
E @-@ Doping is very important for books , for which there is a need for a limited demand , and in this category , material and books in less direct languages .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take this into account when it comes to this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 11.55 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , 1 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the examination of the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents during Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
With regard to Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday I did not have a proposed amendment , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott .
Madam President , I would like to express my opinion on the draft regulation on European political parties .
At the last plenary session in Strasbourg , the Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter .
In conclusion , it has not done so , and I have the impression that the Commission has now formed the opinion of European political parties .
This is a very sensitive matter , particularly in this Parliament , as a result of a number of parties who are perhaps in favour of such financing as a matter of urgency , even if they are in favour of them first .
Could you please ask the Commission to make a statement before this House ?
Secondly , as we are in favour of Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that , although the European Parliament is planned to discuss the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , it is planned for a debate on this subject .
This is particularly important because the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains some 200 measures which Parliament will be discussing , although it does not adopt a resolution .
This is unacceptable .
There should be a resolution , especially because we are obliged to monitor the work of the Commission closely .
Finally , I would like to say that we should make the work programme , which does not affect the Commission alone , which is not just the Commission , in the work programme for the Commission , Parliament and Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , the fact that there is no motion for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents considers that this is not a good measure .
Madam President , may I be mistaken , but I think it was genuinely intended to adopt a resolution .
First of all , we should send the work programme to the competent parliamentary committees before we submit a joint resolution to the various committees before we adopt a resolution .
I have understood that . There will be a resolution , but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox has agreed .
This is why it is wrong to table a resolution in which all these points are included , which we are agreed on ; that the committees agreed to examine the resolution carefully and , as it were customary , to vote on a resolution in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , this may be an interesting word for the future , but it is the Commission and Parliament at the moment .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
So we shall proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , for this part @-@ session , there is no Commission communication on the recognition of the political parties .
If you want this issue to be put on the agenda , we could ask the Commission , for example , to make a statement on Thursday evening .
Madam President , thank you for this very helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , no too many of us will be here on Thursday evening .
It would be good if the Commission takes this into account and this morning &apos; s report on the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 - or the Commission &apos; s work programme on 2001 - which I would like to call on , in public and Parliament .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , on the oral question on the issue of copyright in Ireland and France .
Madam President , we have tabled this proposal for two reasons : from a parliamentary and political point of view .
The parliamentary reason is the work of the committees in this Parliament .
At present , the review of all stability and stability programmes and substantial improvement in the broad economic policy guidelines are subject to an investigation in the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which , if I am not mistaken - is intended to present his report in April .
This is the issue of an environmental activity .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The issue raised by the PPE of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party was included in the Conference of Presidents .
When the problem was raised by the Conference of Presidents , France was faced with this .
And if , when we compare relations between the parties and the opposition parties and the opposition parties , the debate will be taken on Thursday &apos; s debate , not just a lucky time - with the 15 Member States , not a little doubt .
For this reason , we think it would be appropriate for Parliament to adhere to its rules in accordance with the logic of the logic .
Madam President , it is quite understandable , Mr Barón Crespo , if Mr Barón Crespo is to review a decision here .
This is completely permissible and legitimate , and I would like to make that point .
I hope , however , that he will not receive a majority , because this issue is not a violation of parliamentary procedures , but we want information from the Commission .
In any way , the next committee will not jeopardise the progress of the normal work in the forthcoming committee .
But we now want to have a information from the Commission at this time .
Furthermore , the Council of Ministers is continuing to discuss this issue and why we are not going to have a debate on this issue , especially as - and I would ask everyone to consider what this question is against - we do not take a decision .
Finally , we are not going to adopt a resolution , but the information will be taken .
Moreover , Mr Barón Crespo , it is very well known that the debate will be developed at the Conference of Presidents .
Mr Wurtz has tabled discussion - and we are not always in a coalition , and the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is not always in a coalition , but , if there are points points about , why should we not take them ?
We do not want anybody , and I would ask that this oral question remains the oral question , so that we can discuss this accordingly .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question to our agenda , and this is not , therefore , the statement or against it .
This question concerns both in parliamentary and political terms , and another reason for another reason , from the chairman of the Socialist Group .
If the Commission or , more specifically , the fact that the Council creates a precedent this week should not be possible as soon as possible , as as many as possible as possible , on this situation and on the response of the House ?
It is really the best solution if the European Parliament took up such a debate at 5.30 p.m. at 5.30 p.m. at 5.30 p.m. , which I attended to take part in the debate at 5.30 p.m. on Thursday at 5.30 p.m. .
Therefore , if the Commission and , of course , do we not ask the Council , and of course , to ask the Council to speak in this week , so that we can deal with this point properly ?
I fear that Thursday evening there is no openness for this matter .
Madam President , I have the utmost value to express my views when Mr Poettering &apos; s statements are somewhat necessary .
I would therefore like to clarify what we are talking about here .
I am not aware of the deep @-@ rooted reasons of Mr Poettering or Mr von Wogau who tabled this request .
I think that this debate is indeed appropriate because it is the first time that the Commission is able to make its instrument conditional upon the Treaties : on the basis of the requirements of a recommendation , a recommendation , in a sense of political criticism .
In other words , Ireland is very strongly committed to the fact that the return of growth has been used in some way to have the effect of growth , more or too much of social concerns .
I think that this is a political question which deserves attention .
In fact , we have not insisted that this debate will be adopted to end up a resolution so that the competent institutions will be able to provide the opportunity to do what they can do , but I think it is appropriate to find a debate on this issue .
I should just like to respond to Mr Cox &apos; s reaction to his contribution that the Commissioner responsible , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to have done so on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
I do not doubt in any way that the Members will follow suit , provided that the point is retained .
We hear Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath &apos; s speech that , apart from the fact that , apart from the members of the group , we have tabled the motion , one of the speakers who have voted against it , will then take a decision .
This is a very demanding process which requires very careful political evaluation .
That is why we need to know , Mr Poettering , that all information , but the information we have received are , above all , in written reports , and I think that this House would be well advised to make this work a good start once again .
I would like to remind you of the enormous problems we have reached here in the stability and Growth Pact and that there have been major doubts about whether there should be investment in education deficit .
It was not just members of the PSE Group , but also the PPE @-@ DE Group which has analysed this issue .
That is why I would really like to advocate a debate that has to take place in the course of the debate , which has to take place in the course of the debate , but that we are working in the committees .
We are discussing Mr Solbes in committee , we shall be discussing this and have the opportunity to make sure that the report by our rapporteur &apos; s report is our most intelligent and appropriate judgement .
I now put the request to put this question off the agenda to vote .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That concludes the agenda of this part @-@ session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can now deal with the environmental issue .
Madam President , I would like to inform the honourable Members about what has been said in the process of drafting the agenda for discussion .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats were asking for a debate on the issue of discussion this week .
Unfortunately , the Conference of Presidents rejected this .
However , we have chosen to table an appeal against the agenda , because we have been informed that some groups are basically in favour of a discussion here in the European Parliament , but perhaps at another time .
We would therefore like to enter into dialogue with these other groups , because we are not opposed to discussions and discussions , but we want to conduct the discussion .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Thyssen , did not have the discussion and has rejected her invitation .
However , this does not detract from us to prevent the other groups in dialogue with other groups , and perhaps a request for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to say that I just wanted to say that there are many questions which have been discussed in this context .
Madam President , I would just like to take a few moments to refer to the most representative of Mr Liese , who wished to raise the debate on electoral issues .
This is completely false .
The Dutch Government and also all Dutch MEPs are always prepared to hold an open and honest debate on the facts , but not on the basis of the facts and remarks which are close to the boundary .
We will give you this information .
I understand that the Dutch Government is willing to receive information or a debate in the Netherlands , all the members of the European Parliament , in order to discuss the subject , but the scene is not allowed to be discussed in the Netherlands this week , but , unfortunately , the scene will not be allowed to attend this week .
Madam President , I would like to say that Mr Liese , we are all aware of the facts of the matter .
A hearing of some groups has been organised by some groups and Mrs Stenzel was invited to clarify the request of some groups in accordance with this law .
If Mrs Vachetta is unable to accept an invitation , we must look at whether they cannot come at another time .
Then there is no question of the statement .
In any event , I think it is extremely helpful and also essential that the Dutch Minister for public health should clarify the matter , because our Group is extremely concerned about the fact that our group is extremely concerned about the list of the Dutch market , as other groups have , as well as the Dutch political groups .
Madam President , in my opinion , the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats is sensible to talk about the difficult , difficult and huge socio @-@ effects on the agenda .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have had 20 years for a social discussion , a very good and balanced social debate and which , of course , we cannot , of course , take on a half @-@ minute week at a time of Thursday afternoon .
We should look at these things .
Then there is something else .
We are always talking about subsidiarity in this House .
The question of national criminal law is a matter of national criminal law .
We should also be in the process of subsidiarity here in this House .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga has said , I am surprised that the Group of the Party of European Socialists is the view that the laws on visas in the Member States are a suitable issue for a debate at European level .
In the UK , the Conservatives were fairly quick to condemn European armaments policy as a non @-@ violent interference in national affairs and as a breach of the subsidiarity principle .
They will certainly be reported to hear a great deal of attention in the coming weeks and months before the general elections in Britain .
I think it is very extraordinary that they have used the subject of residence in a Member State at European level , and this is the responsibility for the forthcoming election campaign .
Madam President , it will be said that this question is subsidiarity .
It is true that the countries themselves are applying legislation .
The question here is whether the European and international Treaties contravenes the European and international Treaties .
We have this concern and it is our responsibility to discuss this issue and its cross @-@ border dimension .
That is what we are respected , irrespective of subsidiarity , which we respect .
Mrs van der Laan , I can , moreover , read Mrs van der Laan &apos; s reply to his reply - that is to say .
You may well be aware of the fact that there is serious consideration to the Minister for public health .
We are surprised that Parliament does not consider the appropriate place to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am very surprised that an honourable Member is talking about the issue of subsidiarity as a matter of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud and very pleased that there is not a single death penalty in any Member State of the European Union because there is one of the most vulnerable human life that we should all combine .
Madam President , I would very briefly like to say a few words about the statement made by Baroness Ludford on whether there should be a debate on the electoral issue , and I think it is absolutely appropriate that Parliament should be discussed on the agenda .
Personally , I would like to recommend that there should be no vote in favour of this debate , and my delegation will be voting in favour of a vote without a free principle .
For the Minutes , I should like to make it clear that my delegation in the EPP Group did not adopt a position on this matter .
However , I would like to express my support for the comments made by Baroness Ludford that I would be in favour of political defence .
Madam President , it is quite clear that all the lives of life and death are being confronted by our personal life and our family , that we are faced with the issue of subsidiarity , which is a threat to society &apos; s responsibility .
We should , therefore , concentrate on the courage to highlight the courage : both parties with different views .
This is not a party which alone is justified for itself , and there is also no party which is the other , liberal , the Greens , the Greens , the Greens and the socialists .
If we want to discuss a serious discussion , an open discussion - and that is what we want - is not the question of subsidiarity , which is a matter for itself .
The issue is , of course , a matter of respect for something which everyone is very concerned about .
The nature of the facts of the facts of the European People &apos; s Party in the past couple of weeks , the tone which she presented and the tone which she has made - were certainly not conducive to this respect .
That is a false start .
If Mr Liese wants a discussion , he can do it , but it is not enough to ask people to conduct a public debate .
We are happy to do so , but we are not prepared to participate in a uniform political attack , which is very important in the Dutch and Belgian society as such , with respect for the views of others , but in a manner which is fundamental to the views of others , but in a manner which can be found in a manner which is extremely serious .
I would like to ask the Members in this debate who represent a different opinion .
We are therefore in favour of a debate but which , in our opinion , should be carried out under reasonable conditions , including the possibility of setting up a range of experts and moral conferences because we believe that this is a fundamental debate in ethical terms .
I believe that this is not only in the Netherlands but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate is a great deal of time and is not yet decided until now , despite some months .
Therefore , if such a debate is to be held here , it must be a serious and efficient way of doing it .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the issue of the situation in this Parliament .
I should like to take this opportunity to say that many people in Ireland are deeply concerned about the fact that a member of the new American government has condemned the actions of the new American government in Ireland , with a view to nipping the financial support of organisations to develop the financial support of organisations in a less developed countries .
As far as the question of subsidiarity is concerned , it is illegal in Ireland and we are opposed to the European Union , as the European Union also - that money should be used for trawler products .
On the contrary , we in Parliament are calling for abortion never to be used as a tool for family planning and should not be supported .
A declaration was made at the summit in Cairo and the World Conference on Women in Beijing .
I therefore wonder why a Commissioner is in a position to make a statement on the agreements signed at the heart of the agreements , and , as it happens , the principle of subsidiarity must be disregarded by the name of my country .
Madam President , a few weeks ago , we spoke about this issue in a plenary session on the coast of Spain , specifically in Andalusia , near numbers of people who have been dead for week next week and they have repeatedly been found for month and there are still young people who are dying to die .
I could send you talks in the Spanish press , so that you can see the seriousness of the situation so as to look at it .
For years , Madam President , and I come at the end of the day , Madam President , we believe in Europe that all these things are reflected in the Rio Earth , Mexico and the United States of America , and there is no doubt that there is nothing to do with Spain &apos; s coastlines .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene with the Spanish Government and to acknowledge this problem as a European identity .
We must not lose sight of this serious problem .
That is why I would like to complement Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this appalling human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication on behalf of my colleague Mrs Lucas .
She was arrested this morning at 5.00 p.m. when she attended a terrorist attack in Scotland .
Their participation in many legal rulings , which have been worked over in recent months , has been observed that such weapons of mass destruction must be violated against international law .
As a member of the European Parliament , it should not be allowed to be arrested while it is travelling to Parliament &apos; s sitting , and we ask you to take action on this matter .
In actual fact , the immunity of a Member of a Member State or a Member can only be repealed after the debate , and if we are discussing it , Parliament should express its opinion on whether nuclear weapons violate international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we will be looking carefully at the situation of these fellow Members .
Madam President , I would like to comment on the point made by Mrs Hautala that Mrs Lucas has been arrested on her course today .
It seems to me unusual that she was arrested on their route here , namely the south @-@ east of England , while their arrest 800 or Italian kilometres go further .
Instead of the British Government , who should be allowed to withdraw it from the British Government , Mrs Lucas would like to propose a British paper and some of the comments made by Mrs Lucas .
Madam President , I would like to make a point in the same way that the British Government does not make any difference between any failure .
At the same time , a number of Members of the Scottish Executive , some Members of the Scottish Executive , and several other people of the Scottish Executive , were arrested in the UK .
We have applied the same laws with the Members of the European Parliament and the same applies to the other arrested .
I hope that they will end up with a reasonable time when they continue to preserve them in future .
Madam President , I am speaking against these quite extreme comments by Mr Balfe .
The Scottish right is authorised by no means to stop people &apos; s treatment as a substitute .
Today &apos; s arrests have been made in accordance with the arrests made today in accordance with legislation and I am sure that the people concerned are released immediately .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given an opportunity in this House to raise whether their immunity is also included in this case , provided that there is serious doubts about the legality of the storage of nuclear weapons on Georgian soil , as has been pointed out in Scottish courts .
Madam President , I do not know whether it is in line with the rules of this debate , but I feel that I am in particular obliged to express my solidarity with the point of view of Mr Balfe and in particular .
Apparently , with regard to the law , I believe that the law has been granted to the law , but , in particular , I believe that there was no confusion of the law , but , in particular , there did not participated in a demonstration of weapons which are harmful to us all and dangerous .
I would like to thank you , Caroline Lucas and others , who have been arrested .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank you very much for the fact that the air travel at Amsterdam is travelling to Strasbourg this morning and on time on time .
I think that you have managed to put an end to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
However , I would like to make a few more brief comments .
I have already asked the European Commission on 10 November issues to the detriment of public stations in the Netherlands .
This was three months ago .
I still have no answer to these questions .
This is a very sensitive issue , and I understand that it is very difficult for Commissioner Monti to reply very difficult to reply to Commissioner .
I would therefore have liked to answer my question in this or next week .
I have already informed the competent services , but still nothing has happened .
Perhaps you can use me for me .
I would like to help you , but I have noticed that the Commission has taken note of your speech very closely and that will certainly have positive consequences .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who came to Frankfurt today have had to wait for a car who was sent to Strasbourg , and then , in addition to the Italian Members who have been sent for two hours , we had to wait 40 minutes to arrive in Strasbourg , even more 40 hours .
It is completely unacceptable that Members are treated as cows or swine on the European rules .
I would also like to say that Mr Moscovici informed me that , from April , he said that there will be two negotiating summits from Lisbon to Strasbourg , but that is not the case at which Air France will be in Lisbon .
Who is telling them that one member of the French Government or the French airline ?
We will examine that very carefully .
Madam President , we should like to thank Air France for the implementation of the Euro @-@ Strasbourg Conference , but I would also like to say that we had probably had the corresponding flight to the Copenhagen flight .
This was the time for a death , of other bread .
Madam President , I would like to ask you , Madam President , to consider whether Air France could not have sufficient teeth , since the attitude of the Communist Copenhagen Party was justified in the light of the truth .
I believe that there will be very clear improvements in the next few weeks .
I would just like to welcome a new Member of the European Parliament , Mr Klaß , who has done so in the same city , as you have done - and as you all have done - as you have done - and I wish him every success in his work .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would like to ask for your attention .
Here we are talking about 30 people .
But if one wishes to raise this side , there will never be a lot of attention .
Mrs Flemming was at the beginning .
I just wanted to ask you to be looking at the right side of the House if you come to speak .
We take account of all the parties of this House , Mrs Schleicher .
But perhaps you will not know that the vote will only be adopted after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a rule which I believe is very good .
She was asked for many of my fellow Members , and when I proposed she was proposed , I think she was in general agreement .
So we will have applications for procedures now after the adoption of the agenda and that is what we are doing .
Moreover , you have not overlooked the fact that there has been a lot of speeches about what is real .
However , as I do not know , I shall put the floor to the MEPs at all .
Madam President , I would like to inform both you and the whole House that last week a delegation of families in Cyprus was held in Brussels last week .
The fate which has been raised by the groups at the sharp moment has been referred to in the light of clearly humanitarian humanitarian policy .
There is still a great many years in 1974 in 1974 - there are many people who understand their fate .
The families of these people undoubtedly have the right to know what they are doing .
Since the efforts that have been made , even under the United Nations , no outcome has been done , I should like to ask whether or not the European Parliament could be able to solve this problem .
Madam President , would you like the President of our Parliament so kind as to send a news from my own constituency in my constituency of cigarette d who has been second on the world ?
I know that one of you has won a Frenchman which has won the running .
His congratulations were very civilised and a kind of kind .
I would like to be very grateful and many others would like to congratulate you on our behalf .
Request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for the waiver of Mr José e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro , on the eve of an electoral attack , which will be punished under the Portuguese code of law , which will be punished after the Portuguese code of law , 1982 and the rule of law between 1982 and 1990 .
The reason for this procedure was that a private insurance system was sent to the trade practices of a private insurance company , which was drawn up on 16 February 1995 , which Mr Ribeiro e Castro will be published .
It was stated that the agency should not give rise to serious posts and would like to see some of the excessive charges of excessive charges .
The Agency has tabled e @-@ labelling , Mr Ribeiro e Castro , and against other junior doctors of violent personnel and compensation .
parliamentary immunity is not the prerogative of a Member of the European Parliament , but guaranteed the independence of Parliament and its members with other powers .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market considers that the immunity of parliamentary immunity has no legal authority .
The same applies to February 1995 , which was tabled in May 2000 , and the mandate of Mr Ribeiro e Castro opened up on 17 November 1999 , as it was accompanied by Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
There is a great deal of time between the headings of crime and the presentation of the motion , and this Parliament has always recognised the immunity of freedom of expression , and this Parliament has always recognised immunity , the fact that Mr Ribeiro e Castro will waive his parliamentary immunity .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the European Parliament recommends to the European Parliament Article 6 and 6 of the Rules of Procedure and the judgement of the immunity of immunity which Mr Ribeiro e Castro will not waive .
Mr President , I am surprised that a Member of the European Parliament has been arrested , given the fact that a Member of the European Parliament has been arrested in the area of a European Union of the European Union , and I think that this is a very serious issue which deals with issues which we have just debated and which we have been discussing for a long time now .
However , on the actual subject , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is proposing not to waive parliamentary immunity from Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
This proposal is based on the contents of the Treaties , and I would like to highlight the principles of the Treaties and to some extent now .
From this point of view , the Committee on Legal Affairs intends to adopt Mr Zimeray &apos; s report .
However , I cannot allow this opportunity to highlight two problems , which I repeat - and I repeat - this Parliament and all the Members of Parliament have to think carefully .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern the European Community &apos; s being set up at the time of the European Community &apos; s Members of the national parliaments , such as that of the Member States &apos; national immunity .
We must also realise that the European Parliament has a very remarkable role to play today in the institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full independence with regard to the Member States .
Mr President , I should not like to start by saying that , in any other than my country of origin , I would like to ask for political asylum to be a political asylum , but , above all , I believe that the communication on the arrest of a Member State in Scotland is to be considered as clear information .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Bearing in mind and unloading services
The next item is the report by Mr van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and the Council on the proposal for a directive on safe expenses of safe expenses , for example - C5 @-@ tech / 2000 ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / ECSC ( COD ) &#93; .
Mr President , the sinking of the oil tanker Erika before the French coast has been very serious .
A different form of public opinion is the public and political policy to be paid to the public , in particular the transport of equipment and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a ship was low , but this category may be much more damaging to death .
Now let us look at the accidents surrounding the past ten years : 146 images are drowned over the past ten years .
Forty % of these clarifications were over 15 years old .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
First of all , the expertise of the occupation and the second is the bad physical constitution of vessels .
This is a threat to double hulls on the stock market , which is due to an end as a result of the severity of the accident .
This issue has been recognised at international level .
The International Coordinator , the IMO , the IMO , has developed the Sudanese and anti @-@ personnel and mediation procedure .
This is an example of both civil and fascinating signals , while the freedom and sales of the local market .
The IMO is urging all its more advanced countries to be able to state that this type of anti @-@ arms mechanism should be applied to the environment .
With the proposal for a directive , the Commission wishes to make this request on behalf of the Member States .
It is intended to adopt the anti @-@ personnel procedure , with some changes to Community legislation .
The main points in this respect are the most important representative of the teaching group , and secondly , the construction process of a civil service and third @-@ country health authorities in the event of difference between ships and country are concerned .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes , as a counterpart to the so @-@ called &quot; untreated &quot; procedure for ships , as a counterpart of the so @-@ called &quot; untreated &quot; procedure for ships - that is an understatement .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers this Commission proposal for a step in the right direction .
It will not be able to prevent all accidents because the serious damage caused by the European Union is often outside the European Union .
However , the sector makes a dynamic , responsible and prudent approach , and therefore avoid unnecessary practices .
Because the problem , just as the sector , and the sector , is a global solution .
We therefore support the adoption of the veterinary codes in the legislative legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive is as close as possible to the pre @-@ contractual mechanism to prevent distortions of competition between Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it will be possible to improve certain points .
First of all , given the large number of victims , I would like to highlight the need to guarantee safety of the occupation .
In this respect , there are a number of improvements to the text .
Secondly , the captain are high .
That is why he must be able to be informed of all the checks and the judgement of whether or not to enter into their judgement is whether or not .
In fact , the classification societies must be notified to the classification companies , as they often have to judge the state of a ship .
But they are only in a situation where they have sufficient information .
Thirdly , it is the role of the competent authority , which gives rise to irregularities during the electoral process or the irregularities .
It must then be obliged to break the proceedings in order to ensure the safety of ship owners and journalists .
Fourthly , it is all well known that the capacity of the port , the capacity of the port , which is not enough , is insufficient in the Member States .
This directive undermines the relevant tasks of the Bhutanese authorities .
That is why the Commission must make sure that these tasks are really carried out .
Finally , a few comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 , we have said that we must comply with the text of the GATT rules in order to comply with a distortion of competition and clarity .
However , Amendment No 14 is certainly not acceptable , and I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
The speed is an instrument for the distribution of water .
Public information on the local shop and makes it impossible for it .
In addition , there has already been agreements in the IMO on compulsory use of a visa system .
The World II package is based on the World II package .
If a site occurs to the vessel , it is the job of the ship to carry out a ship and not the operators &apos; operators &apos; operators .
Moreover , this has not been the necessary knowledge .
In short , you will understand that I cannot agree with Amendment No 13 .
I hope the honourable Members can understand the reasons .
I cannot , in any case , support Amendment No 16 of Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
It is not a question of vessels from the European Union which have not been agreed internationally .
That is not possible .
In fact , this is a good thing .
I hope that those who have tabled the amendments .
Mr President , if we adopt this report in a small manner , I believe that we have substantially improved the guarantees for the safety of the safety of assets and its fishing .
Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and thank the Commission for its great commitment in this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission proposed many different measures to improve the safety of maritime transport in the past couple of years , and it announced a number of incidents which cause both human lives as well as environmental damage .
As I have said in various contexts , I was pleased to say that the European Union is often not tackling the damage caused by the European Union rather than before , but , of course , the current initiative is to be welcomed .
Following the Erika I initiated , the World II Erika was presumably waiting for .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will be able to adopt a position on other reports in this area .
This report concerns safety for assessing and unloading components .
There is no doubt that over the last ten years , particularly more importantly , accidents were affected by accidents .
Many reports and statistics confirm that , and the rapporteur also points this out .
Over half of all of the previous vessels , over half of all of the total vessels , often the cost of environmental logistics , often caused by errors in the shop and their ability to shop .
The International Secretary @-@ General of the United Nations , Mr IMO , has addressed this problem over the past ten years .
In a special report , the Member States , classification societies and shipowners have urged them to ensure more errors in the local freedom and home @-@ product .
A number of transitional measures have also been proposed in this context .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The number of transport is rising .
A ever greater part of Central and Eastern Europe is part of Central and Eastern Europe .
This development will have the highest priority to ensure that the cargo is at the highest level .
This is not only true of the transport industry but also for other transport modes .
There is a lack of deficiencies in ensuring that the cargo is increasing a growing problem on transport levels and roads and railways .
The Commission therefore needs proposals to solve these problems .
However , this is mainly a global issue and not essentially a European Union problem , but it is also important that the Commission should also address questions of this kind in the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could comment on what initiatives the Commission will take on this important issue .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to make a total of positive judgement on both the nature of the Commission , namely the directive and the content of the proposal .
The subject of international organisations has already been approved . It has already been established and regulations for a very controversial activity which have been set aside for both the rapporteur and Mr Stenmarck , who , as well as Mr Stenmarck , have suffered terrible accidents .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has reminded us , and this is the problem .
This is why we need to intervene at European level with a code of conduct which is based on these provisions .
As a complement to setting European legislation as complementing the international regulations , the Commission is right to apply all those involved , especially those involved in the prevention of accidents in the delicate process of examination and the problem of safety .
The amendments adopted in committee are heading in the right direction , and a number of points have to be made : first , the competent authorities must have a duty and not only right to prevent the safe nature of the vessel if the safety of the vessel is threatened .
In addition , it is important that the safety or safety of the vessel could be made liable , now that the decision on the necessity and urgency of repairing repairing repairing repairing repairing the repairing is made clear .
On the other hand , as far as ships and , in particular , the considerable problems which have been caused by Mr Simpson , I would like to propose that the proposed amendment tabled by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava on the &apos; qualifications &apos; and the word &apos; qualifications &apos; is replaced by the term &apos; experience &apos; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as quickly as possible and that the Member States should use their real application .
After all , it is true that , despite the fact that the European and international regulations are available in this field , there are still more powers in the Member States .
We are therefore voting in favour of the Commission &apos; s request to apply these rules from the Member States from 1 January 2003 .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission &apos; s proposal .
It is true that international rules , a kind of voluntary agreement , which , either at all or not , will be sufficiently respected .
When we talk about safety in the Rules of Procedure , we note that a few accidents occur in return .
This is why we need to do something about this .
We therefore support the report presented by Mr van Dam .
My Group has two comments .
We are not going to support the proposal relating to the amendment of Amendment No 13 .
We are concerned here about assessing and unloading ships and not by ships and vessels .
The problem of this issue is not , therefore , a matter of debate .
The World II package concerns the growing ground .
Secondly , I tabled an amendment with Article 8 .
We have made a duty to interrupt a person &apos; s right to break up or suspend an anti @-@ fascist meal .
I think that is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States have the power to decide on these controls .
However , if there is a partition of these powers , it may also have an commercial interest in the shop and ownership of ships , and this is why we are not doing well .
In our opinion , the Member States should , in our opinion , be able to carry out this control in certain cases .
In addition to these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety at sea is very important .
We must invest in this .
Mr Heaton @-@ Harris have said that there is also a risk of investing in people , both in the people who have to understand the controls , port undertakings and other controls , and I think that this is an important element in the people who , in my opinion , should increase the safety of road safety at sea .
.
It is a very good report .
The Commission has done good work in the light of accidents such as the Erika , but above all , prior to the best knowledge that 8 000 vessels are not complying with standards and that they are a great deal of pain on our seas .
As I have already said , 146 vessels have fallen in ten years &apos; time .
This means that people killed .
That also means that large parts of the seas can be polluted .
Of these 146 accidents - which have already been mentioned several Members have already mentioned - one third of the damage caused by double hulls and one third .
We do not need to take a closer look at what we need .
That is what we have done earlier on double hulls .
In knowledge of knowledge , the machinery must be taken into account , and must be monitored by means of the operators responsible , and must be monitored , and we must take account of the recital which does not include so @-@ called production in this amendment .
However , we would like the Commission to make a comment , because anyone who is once again in the European ports in some European ports , in steel , has seen what happens in some European ports .
It will not only dispose of cargo residues in the shops , and it is also working in vessels where they are causing damage .
In my opinion , this report seems to be a solution to the effect that the whole issue of education has not yet solved the whole problem of education .
However , it has not been mentioned that part of the vehicles from the shop and their own lives is a matter of priority .
It is not reported that a ship will be reported to be a carcinogenic contract or a carcinogenic contract .
In view of the fact that , in particular , we remember the debate we have had on the oil tankers and we remember that the age we have seen on oil tankers , not always a reference to a reference to the number of problems caused by these accidents , and I would like to stress the Commission that there should be no mention of the number of problems which arise in any way .
Finally , we agree with the way in which the report deals with the other problems in the report , issues relating to ISO control and , above all , Community law , in which some of the codes of conduct are now being adopted .
Madam President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , for the work that has been done in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur has pointed out , is to adopt rules and harmonised procedural rules on the safe expenses of the International Atomic Energy ( IMO ) which already exist in the context of the International Atomic Energy ( IMO ) , which is already being applied , but which would not be legally binding on Community law which would be subject to Community law .
Having said that , I would like to say that we can accept most of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and the various amendments proposed by the rapporteur , namely Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 10 , 10 and 15 .
The principle of Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 11 , 11 and 12 , are , however , going to be examined .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I will explain in the follow @-@ up to the following comments .
Firstly , because of Amendment No 4 , the competent authority must be responsible for the freedom of dynamism and the reliability of an irrational unit .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
We should not interfere in the competences of the Member States which have a sufficient margin for financing the competent authority to appoint the proper implementation of the directive and the task of linking the contract and the representatives of the negotiators in the event of contradictions between the promoters and the representatives of the negotiators .
We reject Amendment No 13 because , with the representative of the Council &apos; s representative , it would be possible to repair the provisions of the provisions of the rules which are referred to as a result of compliance with the provisions of the most vulnerable areas .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that the latter proposal is applied to all the most closely in order to ensure that the most representative is protected .
While in stages , but on all ships .
In concrete terms , the intention is to ensure that the transfer centres from 1 July 2002 are already covered by 20 July 2002 , and more than 1 000 tonnes of the facilities between 1 000 and 20 000 tonnes , and in service between 1 January 2000 , and in the service , the facilities between 1 January 2000 will be used .
Amendment No 14 , which deals with one aspect of the technical investigation , is contrary to the anti @-@ contractual procedure , which deals with rules and harmonisation , and the principles of the directive , because it refers to the common responsibility of the High Representative and the representative of experts in view of certain aspects of the network and the representative of the tourist industry .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 , which calls for the introduction of qualifications to the International Convention ( International Convention on Safety , the authorisation of oil tankers and the orders of orders ) intended to prevent discrimination against flight crews .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole committee once again for their work .
This is one of the initiatives which have been presented throughout the Commission in order to improve the requirements of safety at sea , which will reduce the risks to the risk of safety at sea , even if it is not so difficult to prevent all shipping disasters because it is difficult and there is always reasons that are beyond our control .
As has been pointed out , more specifically , in the middle of last ten years &apos; time , people who live in the last ten years are exposed to accidents surrounding accidents .
We are clear that we cannot accept this unless it is possible for measures to ensure that the flight crews are respected .
This is not just about the problem of marine pollution , for example in connection with double oil , and we talk about something which goes beyond the safety of flight crews and ships who start our coasts .
In addition , ladies and gentlemen , we are once more in the fight against unfair competition , which are sometimes not applicable to ships which are likely to be monitored or monitored by ships . It is also important for them to take account of the nature of the exchange of materials and treatment of treatment .
I believe that we have carefully dealt with these measures in the Community with all these measures and we can tell you that 2000 was the year 2000 from the point of view of the maritime sector in a sense .
We have heard recently about the measures that have been made on the evidence of the data in the area of origin in writing . I assume that the Commission will be able to give the green light to the future .
This year , in 2001 , we will continue our work on the maritime sector in the field of the maritime sector , which will give the necessary impetus to this area , so that this area can be accompanied by a more liberal and environmentally @-@ friendly mode of intermodal transport .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Protection in maritime and prevention by ships
Mr President , the problems of safety of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment before the pollution caused by ships are extremely topical .
There is a number of accidents with many of the problems , but there are also ecological disasters which have taken place in the past .
The European Union already has a arsenal of relevant directives and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must take account of the legislation adopted by international organisations and , at a very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very short time , to ensure that Member States meet their international commitments .
The need to simplify and simplify the European Union &apos; s tasks in the field of transport must be supplemented and centralising .
The European Commission is therefore presenting two proposals to the present proposal : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by means of a single committee with the name &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; .
The other committees which have similar tasks are being resolved .
With the establishment of this committee , the Member States should facilitate the implementation of the current international conventions .
It should also be pointed out that the Committee on Transport &apos; Common Health and Safety Policy is based on the Council &apos; s decision , in accordance with the procedure adopted by Council Resolution 1999 / 1999 .
As you know , in this regulatory procedure , we are all aware of the powers of the European Parliament , but also the Member States .
At the same time , the European Commission will be adopting a procedure which seeks to increase its rights , even when an international modification of provisions in maritime transport is increased or reduced .
If they were to refer to this , then the Committee on Transport , Transport and Tourism , will only be able to take the adoption of the adoption of the extension of the international Convention on maritime safety in the European Union as a matter of urgency .
This is the idea behind Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive is now aimed at establishing a reference to the &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; in the directives , which obviously needs to be necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed because it represents a attempt to rationalise and improve the Community &apos; s common and international law on safety issues and prevention .
A few amendments are to be worded with a few amendments , which will ensure that the European Parliament &apos; s rights are guaranteed in respect of the regulatory procedure .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their extremely constructive observations and for the unanimous support of my draft report .
Mr President , the contributions made this evening by the previous evening , Mr President , clearly show the importance we attach to combating &apos; load &apos; and I believe we must continue our efforts .
For the rest , I expressed my regret at the work of the French Presidency on maritime safety issues .
I had a great deal of faith in this presidency because he was extremely serious , but I was deeply disappointed .
I therefore hope that , because of what we do in Parliament , together with the European Commission , we will not cease to take our vigilance with regard to the wording of the Commissioner , and to ensure that safety is increased in maritime transport .
Because Europe is a great deal of regret in the field of safety at sea , particularly vis @-@ à @-@ vis the United States , which has been strict for some time now .
This does not mean that the American waters of the American waters pollute our coasts , and without an effective approach by Parliament &apos; s determination to increase our coasts before our coasts .
That is unfortunately the case , unfortunately , month .
I therefore hope that we will soon adopt a real environmental policy in which all the measures needed to protect our environment are absolutely necessary .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report ( report ) Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report marks the establishment of a Committee on maritime transport , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage in the review of the various instruments , and the adoption of the five existing committees by a single Committee on maritime transport will allow the European Union to respond quickly to developments in international law .
I thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the amendments I have tabled .
The safety of maritime transport is one of several areas and I was particularly concerned that the name of this committee also leads to the prevention of pollution by ships .
The protection against the environment includes the concern of the protection of the marine environment and the living conditions of ships and the living conditions of ships .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will carry out this recommendation and the Committee on Civil Safety , Transport and Tourism , by means of vessels in these other areas .
As soon as possible , we will certainly be able to amend the rules in the case of disasters in order to ensure that the polluter pays principle can be applied specifically .
We need to monitor the quality of classification societies in order to improve the quality of the monitoring of them , and we must also take care to ensure that the insurance company is responsible for a liability which is often due to the complexities of the system of legal and financial control of criminal prosecution .
We are very hopeful of you , Commissioner , in order to do so .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I thank you , Commissioner , and your team , thank you for your very constructive and fruitful cooperation .
After all , there is a good example of the last few days .
The final monument of Community ports in the field of trans @-@ European networks has been given due attention to the amount of high @-@ level ports in the field of trans @-@ European networks , especially as the European dimension of these ports will be profitable and profitable for the most vulnerable region .
The solution that has been reached by conciliation is acceptable , but I would ask that , at least , I would like to see a good will in advance of the port &apos; s vocabulary , as the borders are in fact arbitrary .
We are going to thank you and thank you .
There has been no question of all : the Commission and Parliament would be responsible for doing so .
Unfortunately , we are discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
In the light of the situation on the seas , we should not be able to be able to do so .
The accident with the north @-@ east islands is just the last link in the chain of the disasters caused by human beings and man .
The public is sensitised , and regularly resume the re @-@ accession systems .
We must make it clear that we have to make it clear that the problem in Europe has been late late , but it was right for us to keep it right now .
Europe makes a contribution to safety at sea and to prevent pollution .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world , today and in the future .
The Commission has made its proposals almost in record time in record its proposals .
We adopted the Erika package in November last year .
The Council reached an agreement at the end of December ; the directive will come into force by 2002 .
Erika is under way and I am pleased that the second package will lead to real progress in maritime safety .
At this point , however , it should also be pointed out that there will be an enormous amount of work on the ground , including the inspectors of classification and bird outcomes .
I was able to convince my colleagues in the Chamber last week with our colleagues in the Chamber .
The Auditors are faced with great demands and expectations and we must support it .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report makes a valuable contribution to the further progress of safety .
It speaks for his hard work that the committee has voted unanimously in the committee .
I am sure that the plenary will vote in favour of similar convictions .
I am not just talking about a broad majority , but in favour of a broad majority , if I welcome the establishment of the regulatory committee referred to in maritime transport .
I also expressly support the second part of the Commission document , because what is the point of the committee if the current directives and regulations are not adapted to the new structure ?
We do not need an overall administration , we need administrative clarity or committees , not a dozen or a dynamic structure , and I believe that we have a clear and dynamic structure in Europe , as well as a good model in the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur , the Commission &apos; s document is addressed to us today : the first is the establishment of one , such as the single Committee on maritime transport and the second draft directive on the revision of the existing directives .
The objective of all the Members of the European Parliament is to make it easier to adapt existing Community legislation in the field of safety and protection of the marine environment as well as in technical progress .
We by the PSE Group support these proposals to simplify and welcome the proposal that the present five committees should replace the present five committees .
This committee will certainly contribute to a genuine and consistent participation of international law in Community law .
Consequently , we demand that both the name and the mandate of the Committee be included both in the terms and the mandate of the Committee on maritime transport .
I would like to conclude by commenting on another aspect of the discussion , namely the participation of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential to ensure the right of the European Parliament to participate in the regulatory procedure .
We therefore call on the Commission to ensure that Parliament is always in a position to monitor the activities of the committees and , consequently , the actual new Committee on maritime safety .
For this reason , we are also asking for the future Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of environmental pollution by means of increased transparency and the prevention of the environment .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , I would like to thank the rapporteur for a successful report .
Safety is particularly important in maritime transport .
Our group supports the lines of the report .
The proposed regulation and the directive will be more attractive to international changes in Community law on maritime safety issues .
The early date has been quick that the Community &apos; s legislation has been slow .
The aim of the draft is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must be simplified .
The amalgamation of the two working committees in a Committee on maritime transport is a good measure for a Committee on maritime transport .
Safety standards must be met , and the advantage of the directive &apos; s safety standards is to make it easier to clarify the law and to increase legal certainty .
In the future , it must be ensured that , in particular , the procedure for implementing the agreements and Community law on the implementation of the agreements and Community law should be facilitated .
However , we must guarantee the ability of the Member States to act in the international visible IMO .
The principle of the future must also be established in the future that the International Peace Bank is launching international work on maritime transport if international agreements , conclusions and regulations are adopted .
Mr President , Commissioner , my group , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , Mr Bakopoulos , Mr Bakopoulos , Mr Bakopoulos , on the report we fully agree with .
We would also like to congratulate the Commission on its proposal and we are most pleased to see the establishment of this Committee on maritime transport , which will coordinate the application of 12 directives and three regulations in a good way .
You , Commissioner , have used the construction of heaven , the planet and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our Group will support you in this .
In my opinion , the most rigorous and most basic rule should be applicable to these directives , so that these directives and international conventions will be set up , as proposed by this Committee on maritime safety .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
In our opinion , this Committee on Transport , Transport and Tourism , should not only be a committee which provides a good or less good piece of work , but it must be the sensitivities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental bodies , environmental bodies and the trade unions .
So we hope that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development will make particular reference to these areas and I would like to ask you two questions : how are the work between the Committee on Civil Control and the European Agency for Safety at sea , which will be set up shortly .
Does this committee intend to deal with the three legislative initiatives of the Erika II package ?
Mr President , the establishment of the &quot; Committee on Transport &apos; Transport , Transport and Tourism , under the pretext of achieving better application of the legislation on the safety of ships , the protection of the marine environment and the quality of labour and working conditions , is clearly evident from the reactionary nature of the European Union &apos; s policy .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain provisions governing the role of such international organisations such as the International Civil Aviation Organisation and the International Civil Aviation Organisation .
It is fundamentally surprising that she has been obliged to participate in the Member States of the European Union and to participate in establishing changes or resolutions , despite the fact that they were committed to the international law .
As a citizen of the interests of Europe &apos; s interests , the European Commission is opposed to the change in the situation after the war , which has led to international security and safety , and even the lives of the people and the environment of the monopolies .
We are not just in favour of the intention , but also against actions which are not effective , but also against actions which are not effective , as well as that of the many fatal and high @-@ scale reactions of the public , non @-@ trade movement and trade unions and environmental organisations .
In addition , the aim of the European centre of pushing the European centre into the field of economic policy and economic protection , with the United States , Japan and Australia have a legitimate mechanism for control of sea transport and to awarding its preferences to the International Accounting Standards .
This leads to more generally @-@ defined principles of discrimination , which are very much at risk in terms of the effective and fundamental safety of maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , more specifically , of oil , is the most important issue of the transport and policy of the policy which it offers at national , regional and international level .
Not only does these borders not only exist , they will even increase them .
One example of this is the situation in the terms of flags of convenience which are directly due to the flag of convenience , which is directly due to maritime transport , which is the responsibility for most and worst accidents .
In our opinion , in our opinion , we must oppose the safety of ships , passengers , flight crews and the protection of the environment , in our first place , against violations of violations which have been established within the IMO and the international conventions , which lay down a massive and substantial number of them .
This policy must adapt the stability of the paramilitaries to reduce the increase in the quality of labour and working conditions in order to facilitate the right of living and working conditions and the right of flight crews and the trade unions .
Thank you , Mr Staes .
The President was trying to welcome your first contribution to this plenary session and to thank you for your work as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , I am particularly indignant at the fact that the east @-@ east coast of Ireland is particularly angry at the north of the Irish Sea .
Just recently , two routes from the Netherlands in the north @-@ east of Ethiopia and Sellafield , which are covered by British Nuclear Fuels in Cumbria in Cumbria , is to say that , in the next few years , more such transport should be done from the Netherlands .
At the same time , the German Government has declared that it would continue to resume the resumption of transport of transport to Cumbria in Cumbria on 1 July 2005 and to continue these transport by 1 July 2005 .
This means that the number of such transport will increase .
Even if we had extensive counterfeiting of documents over the past two years , there has been an enormous degree of counterfeiting of documents from BNFL to Japan , which came to Japan .
This happens , irrespective of the fact that BNFL has been accused of having a punishable offence for this offences alone .
I am particularly pleased that international resistance to Japan is increasing by the United Kingdom to Japan .
It is precisely in order to use a British vessel to carry out a British vessel who is twice as much as those who were released at the time when the disaster was released in Chernobyl .
The spread of British Nuclear Fuels , a ship of British Nuclear Fuels , should be rapid on the basis of the captain , as the captain are , in fact , going to look at the intra @-@ existing waters faced with the Alps in the Horn .
I think that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build more international links with other countries in the tourist industry , including countries with other countries in South America and the African world .
Within the European Union , the impact on the creation of new roads , water and water supplies and large @-@ scale environmental impact assessments must be carried out .
Until now , the British Government has denied the implementation of an international environmental impact assessment of the most important risks to the environment and human health .
I now call on the British Government to initiate full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment with which the ecological risks will be determined in the Irish Sea .
It should also be assessed by the European Commission .
I would like to conclude by saying that the reprocessing of MOX material at Sellafield will be stopped .
In the meantime , however , an international convention must be concluded which establishes safety standards for such transport .
I would like to praise the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , I would like to say that I am very much aware of the fact that this report is not controversial , at least as far as it is concerned , not controversial , and any differences are the exception , which confirms the rule .
The Commission will act in international conventions and propose it either with the proposal for a rejection of the new &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; on maritime transport &quot; , or , as far as it is concerned , that the provisions will automatically come into force .
I believe that this process will improve the current state of affairs , simplified and creates legal certainty .
In this sense , Mr Bakopoulos , I believe that his amendments have not been tabled in order to highlight the importance and presence of Parliament in order to clarify the significance and presence of Parliament with this extremely practical proposal which highlights and guaranteeing the participation of Parliament in the regulatory process .
- ( PT ) I think that , Commissioner , we are all less than happy to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , which is , in my opinion , the report of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , but it is our sensitivity in maritime transport .
The three first reports of the so @-@ called &apos; I &apos; Special I package on maritime transport , which is the closure of the preparatory service , the monitoring centre , the Commission &apos; s proposal on the electoral programme and the third proposal on the electoral system , we all know as soon as possible .
We shall deal with the Erika @-@ II package with the three separate environmental systems .
In my opinion , the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect are more effective , more rapid and more rapidly and , finally , making solutions to the international level , which we all prefer to see , as well as for regional solutions , which we are all hoping for and regional solutions .
Once again , Mr Bakopoulos .
It is equally sensible to adopt regulations governing the rules laid down by national bodies and to adopt such measures in Community law which contributed to the level of increasing safety .
It is clear that the Commission &apos; s two proposals aim to facilitate the implementation of the provisions of the provisions concerned with the Member States of the Union and , therefore , to implement policy in maritime transport as a new committee , as a new committee .
The rapporteur , with his excellent work and , in our opinion , is in the spirit of the European Commission &apos; s original intention of presenting certain amendments to the prevention of marine pollution by ships and the living conditions of the marine environment by ships and the living conditions which are certainly very closely linked to maritime safety .
The report under discussion also contains the European Parliament &apos; s role to mention the role of the European Parliament , which is why it should not be overlooked .
In general terms , the Commission has a further attempt to make proposals more efficient and implement policy in the field of safety and the prevention of marine pollution in the marine environment .
In our opinion , the rapporteur &apos; s report and our ideas are to be guided by the rapporteur &apos; s report and our negotiating amendments , which will hopefully be accepted by all Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , the issues of safety in maritime and environmental protection since the wreck of the Erika have been significantly enhanced .
Despite the fact that the oil disaster was a disaster for European sea , they had a lot of positive consequences .
The public debate , which was linked to the accident , and the increasing political pressure of the Commission makes it easier to increase EU legislation on maritime transport .
The Commission has also managed to present a number of proposals for dealing with the safety of maritime transport , Parliament and the Council .
As my colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the fact that you have made a positive contribution to the development of short sea shipping as an important initiative from the local government , as an important initiative from the outset .
In particular , before the tanker tanker and , in particular , the Union had comprehensive rules on the safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
It is also a fact that it probably had never had the disaster of the Erika , if all the regulations have been respected and that it would also be possible to monitor compliance with the regulations .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , which deals with the existing committees , is also welcome by a single committee .
At the same time , the responsibility is made clearer than ever to the committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of legislation and the need for more than the European Union in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to changing the regulation , the Commission accepts the right to assess the right of an international amendment to the rules of European safety in maritime transport .
I support the Commission &apos; s proposal in view of the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur points out in his report , it is particularly important to take part in the procedure for Parliament to take part in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and to be able to congratulate the efficiency and efficiency of this process .
I would also like to express my thanks to all the speakers and especially Mrs Grossetête who expressed the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to convey your congratulations to the Commission for the tremendous amount of work carried out throughout this year on maritime transport every year , the services of the Directorate @-@ General for Energy and Transport , which undoubtedly try to meet the growing demands of the citizens .
They have , of course , already referred to these demands , but the Erika disaster has acted like a kind of vitality .
As has been said quite correctly , this proposal is the aim of replacing the committees responsible for the monitoring of maritime transport . It is therefore a attempt to simplify , clarify and consistency .
They will all be replaced by a single committee , and on the other hand , the EU legislation on maritime transport will facilitate the Community legislation in the area of sea transport .
I would like to express my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically for the amendments that the European Parliament has made a crucial role within the framework of the electoral process , which the Commission is pleased to see .
The Commission will include all these amendments , which have been dealt with in the case of the Convention between the institutions , in its wording on uniform wording on comitology .
We would also like to thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee we propose to propose is not only to deal with safety issues , but also with the prevention of pollution by ships , which must reflect on behalf of the committee .
However , although we are prepared to include the prevention of pollution by ships in the name of the name , we can not include the marine environment in general .
This is simply the case that the marine environment , for example , can also affect pollution generated by waters , such as discharges from rivers in the marine environment , and also other actions of torture , the coastlines which may cause pollution and which cannot be associated with the problem of maritime safety .
That is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would involve a different type of competence , which is not a question of the committee , but , of course , we can be able to take the form of the prevention of the pollution of ships &quot; .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 9 and 10 .
There are simply a few changes to Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 .
It is not acceptable for us to accept Amendments Nos 5 and 12 because of this issue , which I mention , aspect aspect of the protection of the marine environment in conjunction with other problems .
Before I conclude , I would like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has pointed out , we should not cease to cease to keep vigilance .
We need to continue the whole of maritime transport , which I stressed with other sources of maritime transport , which , as I stressed with other occasions on the number of ships , or in relation to the quality and quality of these distinguished goods with a few years ago , is comparable , which was possible a hundred years ago .
Mr Fitzsimons , for example , the problem of transport flows has been mentioned , and , of course , we have included it in the debate of the Erika II package .
Specifically , in the directive on the telecommunications market , the need to take account of the procedures for criminal equipment , that is to say the salary of radioactive materials .
We also see - and I would like to respond to Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis - that if there is a global sector that is global , maritime transport has a long time .
This is also true of aviation , but maritime transport has a larger tradition .
We must therefore ensure that the International Accounting Standards Code is incorporated into the highest possible demands .
In this sense , the countries of the Union are responsible for the International Oil Authority as chairman , as a scapegoat for the transfer of housing and safety requirements and demands for the protection of life and the guarantees of safety for life and the protection of flight crews .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to reply to Mr Bautista Ojeda , that the Agency for Transport and the Committee on Agriculture have differing competences .
The latter &apos; s role in the latter is strictly targeted on Community legislation on maritime transport . It confines itself to the Commission &apos; s proposals to update the directives and regulations .
Consequently , the legislative function is a legislative function , whilst the Agency has no legislative function and does not interfere in legislation , although it may be possible to submit proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission , which is an advisory centre for the implementation of Community legislation , as a component of the dissemination of information and , therefore , transparency for the entire sector .
But it has no legislative function .
Consequently , there are two different arenas .
I believe that the ports in the trans @-@ European networks , as indicated by you in another speech , need a key element in promoting or integrate all the transport systems of all the transport systems , which we all want to achieve .
I would like to close by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
A few moments ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that people who do work in the ports have a great deal of work .
Well , I believe , ladies and gentlemen , and , of course , that the Commission responsible for maritime transport are also very hard to work very hard indeed .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) - 1999 / 0252 ( COS ) )
Mr President , I would like to thank you , Mr President , for the second reading of a report which is of great importance for the future of Europe in Europe and for the realisation of a Europe of railways .
The Commissioner &apos; s role over the last few months will undoubtedly prove to be crucial for the future of European rail transport .
Following the conciliation procedure on Mr Swoboda &apos; s reports , the opening up of the networks has now been achieved , the opening up of the networks .
Now we need to overcome the lack of technical coherence in various areas , and that is of course not quite simple , but that is to say the networks with great national and in @-@ depth manner .
The real aim of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and technological interoperability between the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complex .
There are 15 to six different , five to six different voltage systems , bureaucratic equipment , bureaucratic systems , procedures for separate administrative systems , separate systems of provision for the various railway undertakings .
And , while opening up road transport , there has been no question of all these technical obstacles to the railways . These are still all these technical obstacles to the railways .
A first directive has now been adopted in 1996 , which was more readily implemented because it was a new network , namely the high @-@ speed network , and this is what we are doing today .
In this respect , therefore , it was decided to adopt a vote in favour of the railway companies , the competent authorities and industry for each network of the railway sector for the interoperability of the railways .
There is an administrative requirement for each of these key components , which will , in turn , be accompanied by the individual components .
We have a huge amount of work , and we have chosen a high @-@ speed system for the short @-@ distance approach .
Since the work is so high , it is important to take immediate progress where it is possible to achieve directly and in the interests of good cost @-@ benefit .
The method is basically based on the following practice : evaluating the various measures to achieve interoperability and estimates of costs and effectiveness , to determine whether or not to implement the whole measure at a later date .
Important progress must , of course , be made in terms of the exchange of information , the procedures , the procedures , the procedures , the procedures for cross @-@ border traffic , in the context of a convergence process , in the context of a convergence process , as the problems associated with islands , underwater and material equipment .
I think , ladies and gentlemen , that I thank all the Members who have helped this report , because we have done a considerable job at first reading .
46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament has voted on it .
Of the 46 amendments , and I would like to express my praise to the Council and the Commission for the Commission , the Commission and the Commission &apos; s Committee on Women , External Trade , Research and Energy , and I would like to say that it is a major legislative process which will end up with the vote .
The Council and Commission voted in favour of a great many amendments and Parliament has made a clear correction in the vote with the users and staff , the incorporation of the applicant countries to be able to make a clear correction to the derogations and to make a clear correction to derogations because some countries have full legal exceptions .
The Council also has a very important contribution to play in terms of security and access to people &apos; s freedom of movement to the future trade policy .
I personally welcome the fact that we have been able to prepare such an ambitious document as soon as the European railways really have a long way to go on .
There are still two crucial questions to answer , Commissioner : the issue of tariffs , which is of course crucial , when it comes to reducing transport from road to rail , and the question of the financing of infrastructures , for example , is necessary so that we can make rapid progress in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , two weeks ago we have voted on the so @-@ called railway package on the so @-@ called railway package and we agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and the European Community .
Tomorrow , we will vote on the Savary report on the interoperability of the conventional rail network in Europe .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and essential prerequisite to ensure safe cross @-@ border rail transport .
At first reading all parties have done a great deal of work and work in this very technical proposal , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary , for this very technical proposal .
The changeover was reported by the Council , except for a few exceptions .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats are voting in favour of their positions , and this is also why we have no further proposed amendments at second reading .
I had an amendment tabled by Parliament at first reading , which was adopted by Parliament at first reading .
There are no three votes to be adopted .
It was a question of establishing authorisations and monitoring measures for authorising independent external servants .
The background to this amendment is that , in addition to a lack of economic interests in some Member States , many serious incidents in the electoral process are due to an inadequate examination .
These authorisations and tests have been carried out in some of the countries themselves and not by independent third countries .
The Committee on all sides , including the Commission , expressed great sympathy for this point .
However , the wording which has now been elected in Articles 18 and Annex 7 , and we are not able to take account of our concerns in a way , but we cannot .
The Commission &apos; s assurance , the independent and substantive maintenance of licensing regulations in the field of ecotechnologies , merits the need for a good compromise today and not to table any further amendment in plenary .
However , in future , we will be very careful to see whether the Commission thinks that the Commission is considering the promises .
.
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we can already conclude them and not even the exciting conciliation which I have had .
However , I am very pleased that we have already been able to take the adoption of the railway package , which we have recently adopted , and I myself have a great deal of work in conjunction with Mr Jarzembowski and myself .
Not only is a workable compromise , but to a really good package !
Secondly , what is the question as to whether we are deaf ?
Are we going to deal with things in the field of rail ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out a few things .
The Commissioner has already announced that the issue of opening up freight transport and passenger transport has already been announced by certain areas and I think that this is very important to the question of working conditions and environmental management .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we are doing now tomorrow is to say that we will make the railways more competitive .
All those who are always talking about competition must be said : competition must be said : competition is the product , the competition conditions , and that is certainly not the case with rail and roads .
When we talk of sustainable development in the context of the Swedish Presidency , we are discussing the emphasis on sustainable development in the context of the reference to the European Union &apos; s energy priority , which is to reduce this increase in energy consumption , in particular , in terms of the transport sector , in particular .
I am not aware of the fact that the railways would be given priority , because it would be much better if we were to compete with the railways as the road .
However , these issues are related to enlargement .
If we look at the situation in the candidate countries , the situation of the railways is , in fact , the same as bad , and even industrial infrastructure , we must do everything possible to resolve these problems at European Union level , not only at European Union level but also at the level of candidate countries .
Because the best and most rational railway systems are not in the Western part of this continent , if we are not also in Eastern and South @-@ Eastern Europe , even if we do not also want to make a great deal of effort in Eastern and South @-@ Eastern Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on the excellent work he has done in this important , but a successful report .
This report , together with the reports adopted this week on liberalising the railway industry , is a breakthrough in the development of European railways .
It was brought to the fore during the Finnish Presidency and France has continued to be open .
Improving the competitiveness of railways is essential so that congestion jams on motorways and airports can be removed .
The development of rail transport is also a step in the direction of transport .
Improving the interoperability of rail systems is a prerequisite for the successful implementation of the entire Rail regime .
It has been returned for too long , but Mr Savary has now managed to solve these difficult problems .
There is still a great deal to be done , but the beginning is now being done .
Our group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal to endorse the Council &apos; s common position in this form .
It has been taken into account by Parliament &apos; s most important amendments and this can be done quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that the interoperability of the railway networks is a commercial activity .
It is therefore important to draw up a timetable for implementation of work and to determine the networks that have really been given priority .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for the fact that he recognised the special needs of Finland .
The compromise reached on the use of Russian wagons in the transport of goods between Finland and Russia is not in danger of the objectives laid down in the report , but it does not guarantee the continued traffic in traffic in the European Union &apos; s country .
I believe that the importance of this solution to the whole of the Union will be visible if we start to use the huge natural resources in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , if we do not do this without debate , we should do this without a debate , but a debate is well @-@ intentioned .
There has been a deeper dialogue .
You are calling for a good dialogue with the two sides of industry , but you yourself yourself have acted as a model , with the result that a product has been held with all the facts , with the result that a product is available to us .
What we are talking about here is quite a matter of this kind which we are discussing here .
Firstly , liberalisation , the opening of international transport , the opening up of the international transport sector .
There are two two forms of interoperability which means that the transport of traffic is possible between countries .
There are three things still outstanding .
I have made a brief comment on this last time .
With regard to three - and this is not just under the chairmanship of the Commission , and we have already heard , Commissioner Wallström , it is hard to work hard to work hard on the emission standards and also of energy consumption in relation to the railway package .
As everyone knows , the standards for lorries have been exacerbated by the fact that the relative advantage is that the relative advantage of the railways will be small and that also means that this form of transport should be beneficial than others to work on these emission standards .
I would like to briefly mention a few other points , which are small in a sense .
We now have to realise that there is a lot of investment needed in this area .
Investments have already been made in Recital 9 , which has already been mentioned in Recital 9 , both at the expense of the State and the expense of the industry .
The State and then we sit at the same time , as has already been mentioned , on another package of external costs .
We need to provide some form of support to support this industry in order to keep this industry on the one hand , but also support .
That may seem to seem to seem to be a long @-@ winded affair , but we need to keep this in mind in our debates on the White Paper .
The second question I would like to say is whether the Commission has been consulted with both sides of industry and studies on the management of this interoperability , particularly the necessary qualifications for the implementation of these interoperability .
I am not aware of whether this investigation has now been published and what it is going to do for the future .
There must be a certain language .
What language will we speak ?
In English , what is the case in the International Maritime or Aviation Policy ?
Or will it also be English for the railways ?
If that is the case , I would now suggest that we should not be able to speak in this House .
This simplifies all the communication .
Mr President , in the run @-@ up to the parliamentary debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , enlargement of the railways &apos; s railways and railway internationalisation , does not mean that a consensus was taken by the end of the last century .
This trend was created by a sovereign state which makes itself superfluous by liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that it is not a question of having a bicameral system to be carried out in the run @-@ up to those areas which are left to the detriment of the sea .
There has been a lot of what we had to do at the time , which was decided by the Council .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this result .
In contrast to Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s proposals , my group agrees with the outcome .
I have now taken account of the technical details of the proposal and I would like to ask for more serious problems .
As far as developments in the European rail system are concerned , we have to keep a blind eye on developments in the European rail system .
In the nineteenth century , it would be possible to bring the different track track track track track track and red tape to the railways .
It was not just the individual States who , at that time , are not only interested , but also associated with competing associations .
In the European Union , the Pyrenees are still paying a central role in the field of competition .
In the 20th century there were the electrification and the trade systems which are again divided by the railway network .
During the border line , the heat has had to destroy , because of the other inconsistencies now .
The threats of the 21st century in a combination of technical development and competition .
Until recently , it has been as long as it were in Germany that the railway network should be re @-@ established in Germany .
In the Netherlands , there is still no prospect of such a link to such a link from Amsterdam , even though there is no prospect at all to reach them over from Berlin to Berlin .
In the short term , this technology will also mean that it means that , in the short term , it means that , in the short term , it means the rest of the network .
The interests of individual firms who want to market their latest technology should not be the deciding factor .
Despite Europe &apos; s integration , the disintegration of the railways continues .
International contamination is more and more frequent .
It must be seen too far from the point of departure to the country of the South .
Not a long time ago , it was possible to travel by Cologne to Athens , from Paris to Lisbon or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
This is now no longer possible .
It was four months ago that the white night @-@ session was abolished .
In addition to technical measures in this report , we urgently need to end this fragmentation of rail transport .
At the same time , it is intolerable that both passengers for large distances are due to freight transport and freight traffic on the roads .
Mr President , there is a growing lack of internal market differences in the railway structures in the railway structures .
In fact , the 15 Member States of the European Union have four different competences and 15 different systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union may probably have 25 or 27 Member States from 25 or 27 .
This problem cannot be solved by the use of new and seemingly modern solutions .
In the context of the opening up of the longest @-@ standing combined and cooperative Europe of Europe last summer , I think that the problem of the climatic interoperability of Europe should be resolved again in the last summer .
The opposite is the case , Denmark has a different case , Sweden .
Unfortunately , this situation has been made on Swedish railways , on Danish railways .
There are various causes of the serious discrepancies between the European countries in this area and all these are important factors .
One reason is that the individual countries have gone into various times in their railway systems and others have been aware of the need for a variety of things .
In today &apos; s Europe , where we are now talking about the four fundamental freedoms and where the free movement of goods , services and capital movements are to be guaranteed beyond border borders , there will be any obstacle to the problem .
It is therefore essential to use barriers to eliminating barriers .
We must strive for harmonisation and to be harmonised in different areas , such as that .
The Commission &apos; s initiative to liberalise rail systems is therefore very important .
An initial measure is , of course , the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we keep two facts in our work .
Firstly , this work will not be solved overnight , and it will cost high costs , especially if we start to move on to trans @-@ European networks later on the other .
In addition , we must ensure that this harmonisation is achieved with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long term .
Secondly , in the short term , we can at least be able to find solutions without any exception to all countries relating to the same system .
These trains are all trains which are already in Europe today , thanks to borders , thanks to the possibility of new technology .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how Parliament will be able to adopt a very important issue as soon as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union and to avoid the conciliation procedure and a third reading .
I would therefore like to congratulate Mr Savary on his morning , his expertise and congratulate him on his work , which has succeeded in improving the situation of the European Parliament in order to strengthen the position of the users of the users or enlargement of the Union .
This is a lesson to those who wish to reduce this Parliament &apos; s intervention to a rapid decision @-@ making process .
This directive , which we adopted at the last mini @-@ session in Brussels , which we adopted at the last mini @-@ session in Brussels , will hopefully be able to do so in Europe with good intentions than that at the moment .
Interoperability of rail transport is a fundamental factor for a country such as Portugal , which is very important in Europe .
And at the end of the day , there is a growing cross @-@ border traffic between the other countries at the end of the train .
Implementation of the railway network must be a major step forward towards improving the transport network , reducing the cost of transport , to reduce the cost of transport and to a more competitive European railway industry .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with the transport of traffic on telephone transport , I am pleased that we have achieved a good outcome , especially the result of the work carried out by Mr Savary .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of the railway industry must be improved , which plays a particularly important role in the competitiveness of these certain nations .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy , which is based on a common objective .
Rail transport needs to be treated as a commodity , benefits and cost @-@ effectiveness .
This will then be possible both to industry and environmental organisations .
Even this wonder .
The improvement of competition in the railways must be carried out in particular by reducing the costs of the railways and increase the level of competition .
At the moment , the railways are currently costing the taxpayer even too much money , regardless of whether or not they use train .
It is time to see the poor financial power of the State on the road to a new effective and successful business .
The railway undertakings , too , are still highly vestige of the past , in terms of the weak weak and monetary systems .
On the other hand , in the case of passenger traffic , it is quite clear that the most important area of transport is the most important one and it is the most important one .
The draft directive on the draft directive makes sense .
The harmonisation of technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of railways , without having negative effects on the position of other economic standards .
The definition of priorities , which must be carried out by means of a cost @-@ benefit analysis , is also an important factor which without wasting the initial measures at first sight .
If this directive is not an example of what kind of cooperation can be added at EU level ?
In this connection , I would like to remind you of one of my important points .
Finland has a long @-@ term border with Russia .
Nearly 40 % of the freight transport industry is transported by Russia .
As Finland and Russia are a common , but other EU countries have lived across the same boat , a large number of Russian , according to the trading standard in Finland .
Finland has been accused of being accused of being accused of accused .
However , the use of Russian wagons in the Transport industry depends on the fact that , if we send our wagons behind the border , we often see their own wagons .
It is essential for Russian wagons to be able to use Russian wagons .
The rapporteur , Mr Savary , also has every effort to draw attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for this .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , there has been enormous progress since the invention of rail networks since the invention of railways .
However , we are still far removed from the outsourcing of our work .
As my words are not in the end , I am told that , in the final analysis , my words are not so safe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should just like to emphasise this point , but I would like to make it clear .
I would therefore like to congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary , for his report and for having made the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail systems .
This was also urgently needed because interoperability is the sine qua non and basis for liberalisation in international freight transport , which we have developed together with the rail package .
The problem with the conventional rail network is that we find ourselves in Europe a great deal of national systems which have high @-@ quality national systems which have caused the big industrial market and can only be re @-@ established in order to improve new development and , of course , competition with other modes of transport .
However , the pressure on the future of the railways is necessary .
This directive should therefore be implemented quickly .
This is also good to create a single market for the environment .
I hope that the relevant bodies and procedures for drawing up technical specifications will make very rapid progress and concentrate first on the rapid reaction process : in terms of housing , protection systems and environmental systems .
In addition to the technical specifications , the rapporteur and Parliament have also tabled social provisions in the directive , in order to ensure the strategic inclusion of the candidate countries in preparing the TSIs .
That is a good thing .
However , for the sake of transport issues , I would have liked to see an interim vote for independent third @-@ country nationals as long as we are still seeing state situations in certain countries and , of course , of course , in the case of professional certification .
The reference to subsidiarity seems to me to be a matter of urgency , in relation to safety issues .
I would like to address Mrs Jeggle &apos; s question on this issue and I hope that this will now be the case .
Mr President , I should like to begin by saying that the Commission has noted with satisfaction that the European Parliament has given this initiative and this initiative a priority .
In particular , the European Parliament approved the common position adopted on 10 November by the Council , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism was able to discuss a first draft report on 4 December .
I would like to continue to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , especially Mr Savary , but I would like to express my satisfaction and thank Mr Savary .
It was possible to move forward with its negotiating talent and his negotiating capacity on this whole issue , which is quite difficult to make progress .
Finally , the whole railway package which we have given to the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , in the course of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , have made a clear French point of view , without doubt with a number of Finnish counterparts , because the Finnish Presidency also played an important role .
This directive is a fundamental work , which has also been a key element in the implementation and implementation of the implementation , which is a key element in the implementation of the regulator , namely the opening of international transport for competition .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the construction of a European rail system .
This is a fact that there is a much greater need to open up a sector or to change some specific technical conditions .
It is truly important for the short term of European construction , it is the construction of a European rail system .
As you know , the European Parliament has just reached a convention with the Council on this whole package , as a provisional date for the complete opening up of the market structure of the year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski , the rapporteur , has played a decisive role in this package .
These measures should not be effective if we do not at the same time try to act in the attack , which Mr Savary pointed out , namely the improvement of technical conditionality .
This is what this measure does .
A number of important users and operators who want to use transport and use the potential of this trans @-@ European rail network have given the Commission a great deal of attention to a wide range of technical or varied obstacles which are hindering the organisation of international transport .
In this context , this directive will be even more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems to overcome some of these barriers , so that some national markets can still be re @-@ open .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means that the creation of a European dimension entails the advantage of creating a competitive market , the advantage of companies and to overcome excessive costs of the technical barriers , which are often the result of the technical barriers which are often the result of agreements with their local suppliers with their local suppliers .
The Commission will be devoting itself to the use of this directive and , in this way , in view of the ability to manage the ability of all sectors involved - railway undertakings , railway companies and so on , to find economic solutions and to avoid achieving the growth of solutions which , unfortunately , find solutions to solutions which may unfortunately arise in some cases .
Mr Bouwman has asked me some questions which I would like to answer him .
Specifically , the consultations on the opinions of the various users and various elements , whether they are operators of infrastructures , railway services and so on , and so on and so forth before the technical specifications of interoperability are carried out before the adoption of technical specifications on interoperability .
This is one of the aspects I would like to stress .
As far as the economic impact of interoperability is concerned , whether or not , in future , a single system which has also been raised by Mr Vatanen , I must say that , in the future , we need to have a single technical assessment of a cost @-@ benefit analysis , an cost @-@ benefit analysis to the justification of the necessary economic growth .
This is why we see the approximation of two stages .
A number of measures are rapidly applicable , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out , and this includes measures such as that , for example , the driving force of a European maritime centre , as far as it is concerned , to be a European maritime centre , issues relating to a European maritime centre .
However , there are other issues which are far more complicated , such as the harmonisation of the tunnel , so that all parts of the tunnel have arisen .
That will take a little longer .
I would like to refer to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , as I have said several times on several occasions , that we expect the directive on the safety of goods in the railways , the issue of opening up traffic in goods transport and passenger traffic .
It is , of course , a key factor in the railway sector which is the whole of the European Union , because the element of rail transport in the new countries is crucial to their development and for the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you very much , Mr Savary and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Northern Ireland in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with regard to the implementation of the Irish Sea ( ICES region ( ICES region ) for 2001 - C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( CNS ) ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would allow you to read a text briefly .
I am not haggling on this but I am the twelfth Group .
I think that this text - which is a text of my group - is at least a procedural motion .
It is very brief .
Then I would make the suggestion that we are going to proceed as far as Members are present .
As you are all in agreement , I would like to read the English text which I see to the Italian Sea , which appears to be the most horrendous issue in the surrounding Sea .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the part of the Commission @-@ ED Group , will be able to go ahead with the way in which atmospheric pollution was spent in the sea .
Every evening &apos; s apologies @-@ to @-@ day Nicholson of death have been dragging on all the time available to all the time available to the evening .
To be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Mr President , I regret that Mr Nicholson could not be present .
Having read this text , I would now like to come to my own speech .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report on positive reports , which I would like to thank for your prompt and precise work .
He was working on time .
However , we have not stopped the Council &apos; s urgent procedure and are very pleased that we can pay more attention to this issue today .
Unfortunately , the cod rate and the situation of the TACs and its continuing attempts have been made for a long time , only in the negative sense .
We politicians must think about this , as well as all players .
The prices for cod and also other fish fish will , at the same time , have problems , but at the same time , fishermen will have problems in order to ensure their families and to feed their families in the long term .
More and more important , an important and historic branch of our coastal regions .
Incineration is not only for this limited area , which is based on the report , which is based on large parts of the North Sea .
Fish stocks are drastically reduced in all areas .
It is a positive sign that , under your remit , the Commission has responded quickly and forcefully without waiting for the Commission to wait without delay or waiting for it .
It is now our responsibility to monitor and encourage the lessons of our future policy .
This whole list of responsibility is , of course , also included in the Member States .
But once again the question : why have to happen so far ?
Should we not be allowed to leave ourselves through such shifts ?
When will we finally use real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens are not over the Irish Sea since yesterday and not just in the Irish Sea .
It goes hand in hand with the consumer , fishermen and fish stocks - that is the need for the moment !
Can we give the fishermen an adequate opportunity , despite all the efforts made by the Commission , in spite of all the efforts made by the Commission , for its own proposals on the agenda and the future ?
Are we working very close to work at all levels in order to allow the latest scientific results to be incorporated in our policy .
If we are not at long last a long way round , we will find ourselves killing the next crisis .
The newly @-@ new state of affairs is deeply concerned .
We must act and not just react .
When will we learn that ?
How many industries do we have to think about the BSE situation , which I would just remind you of the BSE situation ?
We need to be more important than ever , and in general , in general terms , a stable development and , in general terms , it is not through words but by deeds .
The present proposal is in the right direction .
Above all , I welcome the flexible method of flexibility in connection with the establishment of the electoral system and the focused handling of derogations .
This is a path which shows that the interests of fishermen &apos; s fishermen are due to take account of the interests of the fishermen , but the possibility of other fishing companies should continue to be kept under investigation .
At the same time , however , it is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters , the problems arise in other waters , even if they are still not so clear to us - the Irish Sea should be taught us all .
There is a lot to be done .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures within the framework of the fisheries policy , so that our actions really have a future .
Mr President , I thank the rapporteur in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen for her comments .
Mrs Langenhagen realised a strange picture regarding the value of cod in the Irish Sea .
The Irish Sea is , as Mrs Langenhagen said , for us all , for us all , to see an example of how to achieve the possible management of the forest .
The amount of excessive cod is halved over only six years .
In 1993 , it was only 25 000 tonnes of cod stocks in 1999 only only 5 500 tonnes were required .
If the withdrawal of cod in the Irish Sea will be possible in future , then the regulation for the 2001 regulation will be necessary if we were to be slow .
It is also exemplary for other regions .
There has been a similar situation in the North Sea .
The average conclusion is that the TAC has been diverted and a new wage provision for cod was introduced and a new wage for cod .
Since the beginning of the year , large stocks of the North Sea have been protected .
Another consequence of the exchange rate for the coming months is that in the other regions , the other regions which have not been guilty of a ban .
For example , the fishermen &apos; s fishermen are responsible for the fishing industry in the North Sea - partly in the Irish Sea - the adverse effects of cod stocks and south @-@ east areas in the North Sea .
Following high @-@ voltage fishing in these waters , people fear that these safeguards will damage themselves and create their own resources .
These fears will be exacerbated by the fact that last week , a considerable increase in the number of permanent boats was created , which could have been used , otherwise , for withdrawal of prohibited species .
When we introduce safeguard measures , we must consider the adverse effects on the other .
It is a irony of the suspicion that , with the protection of the fishing population in a region , there is a shortage of destruction in another region .
To conclude , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the Green Paper of the Green Paper in March for conservation and fisheries .
We must find a balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy is a chance .
We must ensure that we adopt proper reforms .
I thank the rapporteur , although he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson mentioned that this region is the dubious honour of being involved in the use of emergency measures to preserve the environment .
This year , such measures will also take place in the North Sea , and it aims to safeguard the most possible defence conditions in the most effective way by the end of April .
Why , after so many years , must we now have a common fisheries policy whose concerns about conservation , in the Irish Sea and the North Sea , make emergency aid available ?
While we have to accept the need for short @-@ term measures , we must learn from the mistakes of the past and we must draw up reasonable @-@ track proposals for the management of the European fisheries policy in order to develop such situations .
In the technical measures which have been introduced in regions like Scotland , it must be built on , and it must be extended to cover all the eco @-@ labelling areas .
Action must be taken in order to prevent the spreading of oil tankers , which could affect other regions and resources .
The effects of the processing industry must be investigated carefully , both by the case of non @-@ decision @-@ making or its effects on the whole food chain in the sea .
A significant fall in fishing activities will be expected in the next few years , and this means many families and communities in our districts , both in terms of fish fishing , and in the nuclear processing industry .
As in certain regions , the result of the new Convention with Morocco has been significant because of the result of the recent new Convention with Morocco , including emergency measures in the long term for the recovery of accident stocks .
This gives rise to a similar level of financial recovery for these regions .
The review of the CFP is a challenge but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will actually work .
That is the best way to achieve all those involved - fishermen , cereals , researchers , researchers and points of view in the new fisheries policy , so that we can develop jointly and appropriately in the new fisheries policy so that we can work together on the needs of these regions .
Mr President , there is a great deal of maritime transport .
People cannot live there , but we always use the sea .
Not only in order to reach one of the other continent , but also to produce oil , to gain other agricultural products and produce other agricultural products .
mercury , lead and radioactive waste , are increasing the fauna and fish for human consumption .
Low coastal coastal coastal coastal waters , housing and sanitation , where the fish have been paid to the fish , have changed radically by means of the fish of the fish .
The sea was a long @-@ term affair for a long time .
Through ever larger fishing units and increasingly sustainable technology , the sea will be deprived of all its stocks .
This is happening in the construction of Europe , in the increasingly advanced world , but ever more from European ships , the African coastlines .
I have already opposed the Treaties to the Treaties that have closed the European Union with countries in the third world , so that the sea can be empty .
In the short term , it provides a solution to the food requirements of Europe and to pay for poor countries , but it does not , in fact , make any use of any form of profits and benefits .
The need for fish rise is increasing , while stocks are increasingly invisible by overfishing and pollution .
Some fishermen still believe that the sea is getting worse .
Last week , I heard a British television story in a interview in a interview , which would always be the case for the fishing industry , and this is also the case in the Bible .
Such ideas , which may well have been correctly justified , should be more and more dynamic in future .
That is why it is good to welcome the need for times and areas where the river is to be re @-@ fished , i.e. when and where and where to be fished .
For the same reasons , the quota quotas must be limited .
The rapporteur is in favour of the fact that the production of the cod rate in Ireland and Northern Ireland has fallen drastically over the east coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland last ten years .
There is still no one @-@ fifth of them at the beginning of the 1990s .
The actual catches , which are less than permitted , have fallen to a quarter of a quarter .
So there is little resources in the sea .
Nevertheless , the rapporteur wants to see a few weeks limit to the distribution of quotas in order to be limited to six weeks between 22 February and 30 April and it is critical of the major expansion of fishing during the Balkans area .
Fischer , if they are to win the impression that state measures are deprived of their country , while their colleagues from other countries will continue to fish completely empty .
There will then be pressure to withdraw measures in part and to allow more exemptions .
For example , the need to reduce the quota quotas is to be reduced .
Because of the short @-@ term disadvantages , any restriction of fines and opposition illustrates .
However , it is better for more regions to be totally reduced for long time than the fish for non @-@ sufficient measures .
This is what the North Sea is looking at .
Mr President , the continuity of cod is serious in various European waters .
The Commission is right to propose measures to protect these fish against eradicating these fish .
However , as the Commission for the North Sea has announced for the North Sea , the measure for the Irish Sea is also decreasing .
The Commission &apos; s action is , above all , weak on political feasibility and the necessary science .
In the case of the reconstruction system for the North Sea , it was an initiative which affects the Dutch fishing fleet mainly .
In fact , politically speaking , it is good to implement the Dutch fleet , and the Dutch fleet appears to be a good idea .
This is why the failure of the Netherlands and the proposed alternatives does not apply to applause .
It is not enough to have insufficient effects on the electoral system , not in the North Sea , and also in the Irish Sea .
Fisheries is , in fact , open to the open areas where it may be problematic and young people are in fact going to be .
If fishing is being transferred to areas where the fishing industry is , the measure will even hinder the production of the tobacco market .
Similarly , the North Sea banned the North Sea , not intended to include targeted fishing , in which livestock animals are being fished in the Wadden Sea , where livestock animals are concerned .
Maritime fishing in open areas will also suffer the stocks of other species of fish and pillage .
On the other hand , the fact that the Dutch Secretary of State of State for fishing offers a much greater increase in cod .
This plan , which shows that all intra @-@ incineration fleets should be paralysed during a significant number of weeks , could save cod .
And what is at least as important is that this plan is being drawn up both by the consumer and the fishing industry .
However , the Commission does not feel criticising it .
It is a result of the fact that we can only find ourselves in a European water process in the near future , namely !
Mr Nicholson makes the Commission &apos; s most critical position in his report .
Of course , the images of fishing are huge , but it is even worse if there is no evidence at all .
The Commission must look at the fishermen &apos; s financial arrangements , without doubt the fishermen .
In order to ensure the future , Dutch fishermen are prepared to do so , and I am convinced that the remaining fishermen will have the same determination .
The Commission is not just there .
Mr President , I would first of all like to apologise to you , your predecessor and the House for my compliments .
My problems began early on this early morning when my flight from those to London .
I am grateful to the British toxic and good work of their staff , but I have now arrived here , but I am now here today .
It was not my intention to write to the House and I would like to apologise .
I have listened with great interest to Mr van Orden , who has reacted with the Commission &apos; s veterinary proposals and how well the Dutch fishermen react .
Mr Van Dam should once again read my report because I have neither the Commission nor the fishermen .
It is not easy to solve this problem , but it is very serious .
The fishermen of my region have been a year ago , for example .
They have to live up to the second year with the fishing industry .
Mr van Dam , who are now in the first place of fishing fishing and the Scottish fishermen , I should like to say that the fishermen of my own region have not just been ready but also a very positive timetable .
You cooperated with the Commission in relation to technical measures and take this very seriously .
The conceals of its fishing grounds for such a long period is acceptable for such a long period .
It is all the more difficult if there is no longer any support for the industry from this situation .
That is the point I would like to highlight .
When I come to discuss the fact that the Commission is going to submit specific proposals - whether it is now or married - the Commission is saying that the national authorities should submit their ideas and we will be constructive in constructive ways . &quot;
The problem , however , is that the national authorities do not have serious proposals on the support of the fishermen in the region , and not the British authorities .
It makes no difference whether it is a Conservative government or a Labour Government .
Neither the others nor the other would ever have real assistance to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take it into account .
It is a question of allowing fishermen to continue the defence capacity , under controlled circumstances , as has already been agreed for the first stage of the Intergovernmental Conference .
If the stocks of discards are shamefully low , it will be accepted by the fishermen .
At the moment , it is quite as if the Commission would not accept the amendment .
This is a pity because the fishermen are working very well with the Commission and are so exemplary for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam has already said , there is a great deal of concern and we must ensure that the future of the world is to ensure that the fishermen have a future .
I hope that the Commission will take account of the very positive aspect which I tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the Thursday report makes it clear how serious it is about the fish stocks in the waters of Great Britain and Ireland .
The fact that the Commission considers it necessary to take immediate action in four different regions in four different regions to save fish stocks , but it is clear that the common fisheries policy has been set up .
As from today 12 February 2001 , the Nordic Sea for 12 weeks will be for the interim period of the North Sea for 12 weeks .
In addition , as we have heard from Scotland and the Irish Sea , the drastic cuts in the total allowable catch and the Irish Sea , as was announced last December by the Council , the drastic cuts in the total catch and the stocks of stocks .
The common fisheries policy has been in its present form for 18 years .
The taxation and insurance system has led to the fact that large quantities of fish have been thrown into the sea .
Around two million tonnes of fish per year , 25 % of all the EU has been disposed of in the EU .
The system of supplementary assistance programmes has not been completely restricted .
Member States which are trying to comply with these rules will be punished , while other Member States ignore the orientation programmes .
This means that the CFP has unfortunate objectives .
It has neither managed to obtain fish stocks , nor has it been able to guarantee the future of fishermen .
The recent round of reductions and emergency measures will have to be reduced once again .
In view of the measures taken by the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea last year , the Irish tourist Party had had to endure a damning loss of 42 % during the groundwater conference .
However , despite this devastating crisis and the fact that too many fishermen have to live in the North Sea and the Irish Sea , this House has voted in January with an enormous majority for the abolition of the optional and 12 mile zone before our coasts to grant equal access to the North Sea in January and to Ireland and Ireland and Ireland .
Many fishermen in the UK and Ireland look at these decisions as the last road .
65 % of the EU &apos; s total EU fishing plans are in the waters of the UK , i.e. the UK and Ireland .
Why should we not forget that our fish are being destroyed and allow us to decline our fishermen in poverty ?
Last month , Parliament adopted the vote on the reports which are totally non @-@ sighted and short @-@ sighted .
This could be seen as a drop in the drop in the construction of the common fisheries policy , and perhaps the United Kingdom may imagine to withdraw from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of the stocks of the different types of species and the measures for their environment is always a very controversial issue .
The Group of the Party of European Socialists supports the conclusions on which our fellow Member &apos; s report refers to the Commission proposal to transform the Irish Sea proposal to the Irish Sea .
We are very well aware that , over the next few years , there has to be an increase in fishing over the years and that it is high time that the ship shipping ship is extremely costly and time .
But we also know that , in the port for a long time , it will mean a loss of jobs in the port for a long time and many difficulties for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a great deal of balance and balance .
The sector often complains - and rightly so - that it ignores the adoption of the Commission &apos; s proposals , which are not being ignored in full purely purely on scientific opinions , experience and lives of fishermen .
I call upon the Commission to link the work of scientists with this daily , daily reality and to link the socio @-@ economic situation in areas dependent on the socio @-@ economic situation of fisheries .
All of this is much transparency and lack of clarity with regard to the sector which sets the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
I do not agree with the previous speaker in this respect .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and to thank what he has done and how it has done .
I am very much aware of what is open and honest about this issue .
He has not made the blame for fishermen to the Irish Sea and say that the European Commission wants to do so or wrong them .
He has described the problem in his country , as he has done here too , and there is a problem .
Our fellow Member quoted the Bible before the Bible .
According to the Bible , someone who said that there will always be fish in the sea .
Well , I would like to tell you what a more detailed document on the cod issue is written .
I quote the author of his book from his book &quot; for the stock market : the fish which are genetically modified .
According to the fact that , in New York , there is no mention of the fact that there is no further clarification of e @-@ commerce and navigation , as well as the fact that there is no further clarification of the fact that it has been a great deal of literacy and a number of people who have been counted in a middle of a middle @-@ level zone , and that of 9 000 euros have been sought .
On the final note , the conclusion was that mankind could never be a evil .
We have seen the opposite of the Bible and the FPÖ from the nineteenth century .
Mr President , Mr Liikanen is young people who have been able to remind you of the blue coast of the oil coastline , which was at my time ago , and I was even politically active .
The British - and I say this with the utmost respect for all the Member States of the Union - are anti @-@ fascist in the waters of waters in order to fish for their fishermen when they are fishing grounds .
It is good that the United Kingdom &apos; s view in favour of the rules of competition has been in favour of their own resources and which I have always respected .
With all due respect for Mr Wilson , who is fully shared by his people and with great enthusiasm , I cannot accept the fact that the common fisheries policy should be allowed to take place .
I suspect that British fishermen are wrong because , when we look at the figures , the British fishing industry receives its natural share of European fish .
The only thing that is wrong is the Irish fishermen who are denied their natural share and who have never been allowed to exploit the seas .
In the sixteenth century , the British Government made a war of war with a war of war , which was the victim of his victims who had the victims of the American coastline .
That is a old story .
But beware of the European Commission &apos; s fishermen , the fault of the European Commission .
They try to solve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to make it clear that , when the Green Paper on the reform of the fisheries policy is available , we will have enough opportunity to discuss the general aspects of the fisheries policy .
That is why I would like to say something about the subject of the report which has been taken here today .
I think it is true that , and it is certainly not wrong , we are faced with cod stocks in the Irish Sea with cod stocks .
I am sure that if we want to protect the tobacco industry , there is only one thing we need to do , and we must allow resources to be polluted during the world of war .
That is why it is very important to close the time when it comes to close time , even if that is very painful , even if it is very painful , and even if this is , of course , very painful .
The time is urgent , because the post @-@ post post begins in the middle of this month .
I know that all the parties involved , and I would like to thank the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , have made great efforts to achieve this objective in good time .
You will be voting on the report tomorrow , and then so much time is that we can achieve a decision in the Council and the regulation on 15 February 2000 .
The Commission fully agrees with the present report and I would like to thank again for the support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
I am sorry to reject this amendment .
Why ?
In last year , we carried out a series of milestones in last year , in the second half of the preparatory year .
These attempts have clearly shown that during this period the risk to cod is very large and that there is a great deal of evidence for cod .
However , we are ready by the Commission , while the first half of the post @-@ year financial structure , which Mr Nicholson referred to , is , in fact , a specific observation observation in accordance with Article 3 , in accordance with the conditions that have been made immediately , in accordance with the fact that the activities are being made immediately if there is far too much cod .
We also know that this second condition which I have mentioned is a certain risk , but in the event of the observation process , we can well know whether this exception can be carried out in the next year , whether this exception can be carried out in the first part of the year , or not .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
You have pulled us back .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the presence of the President of the Commission to address it in a serious matter .
The French European Monitoring Centre is a significant day in France on 9 May , a Europe which we want to bring this year under the motto of the euro .
Since September , this movement has been trying to give you a financial support , without which this day can be organised .
However , we have received no assurance about the payment of the Commission &apos; s intervention .
If we do not receive promises until the end of this week , the French European European sky would prefer to do away with it .
In my opinion , this would be a joint matter for our common business .
Mr Prodi , would you now like to give you the floor or later in your speech ?
- ( IT ) Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details raised by the honourable Member , but I will give you a response to you today .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has adopted the application of the procedure without report on these issues .
I shall therefore give the floor to Mr Watson so that he can give us the position of this committee to speak .
Watson ( ELDR ) , chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the committee , which I have the honour to chair , is aware of the importance of this proposal and the urgency of its adoption before 25 March 2001 for a comprehensive involvement of the Nordic Union .
However , it would have been desirable if the Council had been informed about this issue earlier and not until the past .
However , we are in the position of the circumstances that the vote should not be allowed to be allowed to be postponed , and that is why we are proposing a procedure without report to the vote and we propose to present the proposal to the vote .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure )
Commission programme for 2001
The next item is the joint debate on the Commission programme for 2001 and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice .
I am giving the floor to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that there is no doubt about a general debate on the situation of the Union .
I would like to see this debate in Parliament also a step forward on the ongoing mark which we have in the year 2001 .
There are , of course , many incidents and priorities which I will dwell on , but the most important thing is that we already have the most important thing - but the most important one , I am tempted to say - that we already have a road in Europe .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its actions .
That is why it is extremely important to me that cooperation between the Commission and Parliament and the fruitful working relations between the Commission and the Member States in the Council should lead to concrete and tangible results .
Let us use this fascinating debate to be open , openly and openly , to discuss our successes and our problems as well as to discuss the real concerns of the European citizens .
The tradition is that the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Commission wishes to take a detailed overview of the measures carried out in every area of policy , but no one in this House should abstain from this code of affairs , if I am here today , and on our main priorities for the year 2001 , and on our main priorities for the future of Europe .
However , I would like to briefly respond to the last twelve months .
A year ago , I informed the House that the Commission has set four strategic objectives : firstly , the new European governance policy , which is a viable Europe with a stronger voice in the world ; thirdly , a new economic and social policy agenda and , finally , guaranteeing better quality of life for everyone .
In view of the implementation of the objective of quality of life in Europe , we have drawn up a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on requirements and fundamental principles in the area of communication .
We have also proposed the establishment of a European food authority which can include its work this year .
In addition , we have seen the creation of a European Air Safety threshold and , after the Erika disaster , we have made new legislation on maritime safety .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we have made detailed proposals to the Lisbon European Council .
In this way , the EU has now embarked on an overall strategy to be able to achieve the global and dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent is in our strategy for the enlargement of the European Union .
For example , last year , the Commission adopted the accession negotiations with the candidate countries a strong step and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we have included the work on our White Paper which will be published in the next summer .
The Commission has , last year , met its most important commitments and make clear and simple solutions .
I would like to say today , as I am proud of this House , to the staff of the Commission , for which the year 2000 was linked to radical internal reforms .
I am well aware of the high level of demands we have put into our staff , and they had not just had to be able to carry out the changes of working methods , but they had to adapt to changing working methods and take more responsibility for their action .
Even if internal reform is not a political end , it is one of the Commission &apos; s priorities for 2001 .
After all , each organisation must adapt to new circumstances .
That is what we are trying to do .
But , in reality , changes may be made , although it may be possible to introduce a management system .
I am therefore firmly committed to open the internal reform in accordance with all our commitments , consultation and in a climate of transparency .
The Commission &apos; s political guidelines for 2001 are presented in the work programme which was adopted immediately and sent to Parliament immediately .
The key elements of the programme are crucial deadlines .
All these priorities are not an opportunity for any kind of opportunity .
The Commission is based on the constant Commission &apos; s constant needs to take account of the specific needs of European citizens and take account of their respective concerns .
This is also the objective of the debate on the future of the Union , which I shall be discussing .
But let me begin by saying that the Commission &apos; s most important measures for the year 2001 will be outlined .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our entire work since the Lisbon Summit and preparations for Stockholm , we are constantly preparing for our children to be a bold , fair and competitive Europe , a Europe which is based on modern , fair @-@ minded jobs and an active role in their lives .
This is to say the Commission &apos; s contributions was drawn up to the Lisbon Summit in the Lisbon Summit .
In Stockholm , the European Council will look into the progress made by the Commission in Stockholm on the progress made by the Commission in which we are making progress , but also those in which there was delays .
One of the most important objectives of our strategy is to restore the necessary conditions for full employment .
We already have some encouraging successes . Last year , 2.5 million jobs have been created over two thousand women .
This is a considerable figure , but this trend must be resolved for a few years , but this trend must be allowed to continue .
However , as we read in our report on the Stockholm report , developments in certain areas were too slow .
The people responsible in Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of the urgent need to pursue the promises made by Lisbon , such as the Community patent , the programme and the liberalisation of energy and energy products : these programmes are vital to our future .
Moreover , we still have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new approaches to strengthen our efforts in a number of key key areas .
In our report for Stockholm we have identified ten such areas , including the leading edge of technology , the integrated markets , the integrated financial markets , new skills and mobility .
In Stockholm I will ask the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity to take the opportunity , and we must do so with firm determination in the direction of reform in Lisbon .
To give you one idea of this report , I would like to highlight three of the recommendations made in the recommendations : firstly , there should be barriers to the workers who are using the labour Funds or their mobility .
This requires more efficient tax , more investments in training and lifelong learning and specific measures in order to put an end to this transfer .
Measures must also be taken to ensure the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and states .
Secondly , we have to speed up economic reform .
Although the services are already occupied by the services , there is still no complete single market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a model of innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I certainly cannot give you any more details of this .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that all the resources for Europe are essential to Europe , our wealth in economic terms and our environment and our environment for future generations .
In order to safeguard this balance , we must find a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working on a strategy of this kind , which is at the forefront of the Swedish Presidency , the Gothenburg European Council .
We are trying to achieve the more proactive concept of sustainable development in sensitive and understandable terms , and in concrete terms , practical actions , which affect production and the habits of the citizens .
This will therefore be a strategy based on innovation and increased investment in these areas , which is targeted at the potential of technology . It is a strategy which means that prices can be fixed at a level which can be fixed more effectively at the level of the cost of environmental damage .
A long @-@ term political operation of this kind requires an effective official consultation .
To bring forward this discussion , Madam President , I have proposed that the European Parliament should have a major debate on these issues .
The views of this House will truly provide the Commission with a useful support in drawing up its strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , and I repeat this proposal - and I repeat this - because the summit is a failure .
Furthermore , we have the intention to publish a lively debate , not only within the European institutions but also in general with our citizens .
Our objective is a global , coherent and long @-@ term orientation for European policy .
I now want to deal with the EU &apos; s relations with the rest of the world , and we are always making a clear signal from our citizens , that we are also prepared to take decisions in this field if we want globalisation to be the benefit of all of us .
In the short term , this means that our priorities will be a new round of WTO negotiations in 2001 .
A new round of round will be the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , in which the new liberalisation of trade is established by new , the requirements of civil society .
In addition , we need to draw our attention to important new areas such as competition and investment , and the interests of the developing countries are further in our concerns .
Developing countries are the key to this new process .
Trains must not be addressed alone with the interests of employers , and we must ensure that they have the poorest populations in the world .
We therefore hope that the Council and Parliament will vote in favour of this proposal in this month , which will enable the 48 poorest poorest countries of the world to apply all goods from arms and duties to the European Union .
We are also ready to talk about the new American government and with the Council Congress .
Of course , President Bush has its regional priorities , but I know that he does not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another important step towards the future is , of course , the introduction of the euro at the end of this year .
When the euro is taken out of political value in our final history , it will become a clear reality in our citizens .
In the next few months , the Commission will work together with the Swedish Presidency , both with Swedish and the Belgian Presidency , in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : a event which is sustainable in history and the lives of citizens &apos; lives .
However , there is a need for a huge organisational body , as has not been called for to date .
However , not all of us welcome the idea of a old and unique currency against a new super @-@ year currency , which is why there are some difficulties at the beginning .
So we must be able to make it clear to the public that the euro will benefit all the advantages and a strong , modern economy .
It has since been the symbol of a European project which has been set up for Europe and which has been implemented by Europe .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me once again to return to the question raised by the debate on the future of Europe after Nice .
In spite of its limits , the Treaty of Nice , despite its limitations , which we have established together , is a huge advantage , and first of all , it does not have any further obstacles to enlargement .
Its second advantage is to have opened the &apos; post @-@ Nice process &apos; , with which a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union can be launched .
In January of this year , I had the statement , moreover , in the context of the statement attached to the Treaty that this process will be a first phase of expression .
This will allow the European Council to take the opportunity in December to take a second stage which I described as &apos; light &apos; .
I am convinced that this would be the right approach and I have the impression that this approach has meanwhile been broadly approved .
Let me turn to the first stage today because it is going to deal with the year 2001 .
The term &apos; open thinking &apos; in the term &apos; open thinking &apos; is particularly important in my view , as the citizens of Europe are , in my opinion , very much more important , and it is becoming clear that Europe is becoming more than ever more important than ever .
This requires a debate on everyone and all the groups of society in order to complete the great European Union &apos; s large project .
The second reason is the Intergovernmental Conference of Nice .
As far as Nice is concerned , there was a tactical debate on the expectations of the expectations and the expectations for Europe .
It has been a very extensive debate , but never on the key issues .
This debate cannot be postponed longer .
The third cause is more and more frequent and I have shared the impression that we will no longer be able to build on a &apos; constructive &apos; approach &apos; , trying to build on &apos; constructive &apos; .
We are now in a new phase in which we have to ask ourselves the fundamental questions .
Since 1981 , the Community and then the Union in a process of adaptation , restructuring , adaptation and harmonisation .
For almost a generation of years , we have been destroying our institutions and the old public , the citizens of our countries destroyed the principles of our decisions and , in the course of the course , the course that we have pursued in this direction .
We have taken historical decisions which can restore the unity of our continent .
It would be absurd , and even dangerous , if this unity were to be accompanied by a wishy @-@ washy agreement , ineffective pledges and religious ulterior motives .
What is the issue of a debate ?
In order to create a debate on &quot; new &quot; , that is to say a procedural motion .
I have confidence in the credibility of our citizens and their elected representatives , too , because we are going to hold this debate at a proper level : not a debate on the supply of radiation or other subjects , but rather a debate on the real issues which our citizens have , as a whole , not less , but a more Europe .
The questions encountered by our citizens relate not to the fact that they are going to focus on the basis of the debate on the institutions which we have had since Maastricht and which we have seen in Nice since Nice .
The real problem is that , at some stage , we have no agreement with our Member States about the convergence process and it has always been agreed , and we have always seen our differences behind the backlog of scenes @-@ old mail and ever @-@ nots .
In my opinion , these divided discussions are partly due to the fact that , in the past few years , there were too often a lack of undeclared work , which has often been subjected to it .
We must at long last tackle the problem of the problem .
The fact that there are differing ideas about the final objective of the European Union is , of course , different . We are , fortunately , different .
However , I am speaking with the idea that we can at least be able to set up our overall project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter , on the basic issues which I wish to raise in the public .
For example , are we in agreement that we want to build a structure which is determined to act as a power force , with other words not only a economic force , but a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the great challenge facing our nations and will depend on the future of our nations because it is our nation states who only have a lot of hard powers , their existence and identity in the world .
Another question : what extent are we prepared to exercise , social and economic solidarity with each other ?
It is not just a question of preventing the internal market or the break @-@ up of the internal market , but because we believe that our peoples should be involved in a common project and will therefore help each other .
Another question is this : are we prepared to show the same solidarity when it comes to the concerns of our internal and external security ?
And the following : what environment does we mean for future generations ?
Lastly , how can the European citizens be the most effective way to protect democracy , solidarity and justice ?
In my opinion , these issues should be included in the 2001 debate .
These are not institutional , political issues , it depends on how we live together and work together .
I do not expect this big debate to be handled and I do not expect you to see you and the citizens who represent a discussion without firm evidence , that is to say on a zero start .
We are talking about the background of the great positive performance of Europe in the fifty years of the Community &apos; s Community and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe , peace , prosperity and , most importantly , a common currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with all the Members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States , we must ask them to provide answers and find answers .
I would like to make it quite clear : this wide debate which can participate in the civil society as possible , and I do not have a democratic representation .
Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account when all these ideas are managed and implemented in concrete terms .
In the second phase that is irrelevant to the European Parliament and the national parliaments , it is not just a question of a relationship between States and the national parliaments for a long time now . The first is a relationship between states , and secondly , because I believe that , in the clash of the clash , I am no longer convinced of the spirit of attitudes which has been made in the clash of new positions .
There is a need for a forum for all players , i.e. the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the European Parliament , the national parliaments , and the European Parliament , to be able to be able to be able to be able to pursue this forum more vigorously in the wake of 2002 and in subsequent meetings of the European Council during 2002 .
I do not wish to lay down this interactive process of dialogue between the European Council and the Council or the forum or the forum or the forum , which I do not wish to lay down , and I would like to draw your attention to all the institutional conclusions and , ultimately , the institutional conclusions .
It may be clear that the discussion cannot be limited to the four questions mentioned in Nice .
Michel Barnier has my full support , as you said before your Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that it is a question of developing a definitive and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take its part in taking its part and take up various initiatives : it will do with Parliament &apos; s support for implementing the Treaties and will do it through Parliament &apos; s support for a broad and wide @-@ ranging discussion , as it requested in the Nice Declaration , and it will end up with the White Paper on good political leadership .
In this White Paper , however , you must not expect a coherent approach to the jurisdiction of the Union and the Member States , because this is a constitutional area .
However , it will help to help the instruments relating to a genuine decentralisation of administration and resources and resources for a better way of achieving the common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes I believe , and I believe that the construction of Europe is the main achievement of the second half of the 20th century .
A few times at the start of this construction , by some at the beginning of every new phase , are regularly grounded , or even ridiculous .
Now the end of 2001 will be implemented at the end of 2001 and I do not want to repeat all the Members of the European Union , and I do not want to repeat all those who have been told at the financing process .
Nevertheless , we are today here today where we are , and we can all be proud of what has been achieved .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , if we consider that this debate will not be delayed until there was no other way to start this debate today in February 2001 .
However , we hope for the coming years that we will hold this debate before us in the autumn of the year prior to the Commission &apos; s programme prior to the programme .
However , I would like to make a very pertinent comment to the Council : ladies and gentlemen , I think it is a scandal if the Commission proposed its programme and the Council of Ministers and the presidency here .
We cannot accept this !
This is clearly evident where the shortcomings are there .
Foreign ministers travel to the world , which I am not criticising him , because this is also the responsibility of the foreign ministers , but also for European affairs .
This is why we must say that European policy is no longer a foreign policy , and the establishment of the European political decision on the Foreign Affairs Minister - and the non @-@ governmental organisation - is a new proof of this - and we must change these structures .
We need people in the governments which are just about to address Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I urge a Council of Ministers which will then be able to attend to this House .
Europe is not going to be built by a few major speeches from foreign ministers , but by the day @-@ to @-@ day Europe .
That is why we are asking for the Council of Ministers .
( Applause from the right )
We are pleased to hear the President of France , Mr Jacques Chirac , that this public debate on the forthcoming Nice process calls for this public debate .
We want a wide public debate on the future of our continent , Mr President of the Commission , and I cannot speak for the whole of your group - you are grateful for your side when it comes to Europe &apos; s future .
We want to strengthen you as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers is the responsibility of the organising , Community institution and representatives of common interest .
You spoke of the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We want something concrete .
Our ultra @-@ European People &apos; s Party , the European People &apos; s Party and the European People &apos; s Party , voted in Berlin in January of this year and recommended that we should have a code of conduct based on the Convention &apos; s model , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council .
We want to see this year in Stockholm , then , in Gothenburg and finally , with the Belgian Presidency in Thessaloniki , that such a conference can begin its work in 2002 .
This conference should , as it were , the nuclear and core functions of the major public debate in Europe , and it should be achieved at a conference of this kind .
My second point is asylum and immigration .
Mr President of the Commission , we are calling for the Commission to focus the policy on a common asylum and immigration policy , because we see that national policy does not lead to a result .
Only a common policy can solve these difficult tasks .
The Chancellor of an important country , namely the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany , has said that , if we are talking about the principles of asylum and immigration policy , we can now move on to majority voting .
I would urge the Commission to work so that , when we agreed on the basis of the bases , we can also achieve the decision @-@ making process as soon as possible , as soon as possible .
However , we are also asking the Commission to take account of the consequences of its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression that you want to take a close account of the fact that you want to take a close account of this .
We ask you that family reunification is due to the heart of a family , so that we do not have any effects .
Overall , there must be a need for asylum and immigration policy .
Third comment : Europe &apos; s Europe .
As everyone knows , we will also have a single European currency in the hands of 1 January 2002 , a serious event - the President of the Commission , and rightly so - that Europe will change .
But we must also strengthen Europe &apos; s competitiveness by ensuring that small and medium @-@ sized enterprises can invest in precisely small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
In my opinion , we must step up our efforts .
With regard to the question of enlargement of the European Union , we are committed to joining the first members of the European Union until 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I would ask you to provide a public exchange programme so that we can convince people in our countries that the enlargement of the European Union is necessary and is in the historic interest of Europe .
Let me say : we want a strong , democratic and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , allow us to work together .
We are on your side when you strengthen the Community institutions .
We call on the Council not to refuse to refuse , but also to make its contribution to Europe .
If we are then to do this together , we should succeed .
But the Council has to fulfil its tasks now , given the Commission and Parliament .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , the enlargement of the Union is becoming increasingly important in the direction of the countries of the Central Europe and the south @-@ east of Europe in a few years &apos; time , which is becoming increasingly important in our relations with the east neighbours .
From the point of view of the Union , the best way to strengthen peace in the region of Central America is to increase and gain new economic contact linking Russia and Ukraine .
Unfortunately , this is not reflected in the activities of the Union .
What we are doing is to find a reason for ensuring that these countries are not yet in the economic conditions or the political will to find appropriate forms of cooperation .
But in cooperation with the countries of the southern Mediterranean , however , there has already been enormous sums and resources , despite the fact that results are still waiting for there .
It is also needed in the East .
I noticed that Mr Prodi has not just spoken in his speech on our relations with the east , which is perhaps not possible in the context of the comprehensive report .
In recent years , investment for Russia is one tenth of what is channelled to the Mediterranean countries .
Over the former countries of the Union , half of the budget has been invested in the Mediterranean area .
This dispute does not correspond to the importance of the importance which is close to the close , in comparison with each other .
In particular , the forms of economic cooperation must be specific and ineffective .
The water water water water supply of around EUR 9 million is being held in the face of a number of nine million and the neighbouring region lives in the environmentally sensitive , environmentally sensitive and physical installation of foreign operations .
This has already led to serious changes in the natural balance of the natural balance of the natural balance .
Mr Prodi calls for sustainable growth .
The growth in the region , which is to be brought into line , is a good example of the cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
Firstly , on behalf of my group , I would like to welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , which was proposed by Parliament on the initiative of the legislative programme , which was deemed to be approved by Parliament .
They have not made proposals with proposals ; it is gold from last year &apos; s last year and there will be more .
Let us remember that last year you have met 50 % of the programme .
We do not have to propose a great deal to do so .
I would also like to remind you of the fact that there was an agreement that was agreed to consultation with the committees in January ; it remains to be hoped that the deadlines will be better met in the next year .
I am claiming that the main objective of the programme is to support the citizens &apos; support for the European project ; it is a sign and the independence of its success .
It is up to us to fight the problems of our fellow citizens , for example the economic and social agenda which we are going to discuss in March , for example , on food safety and the fight against organised crime .
My group specifically supports the proposal put forward by the Commission &apos; s proposal , which is to be excluded from the Commission &apos; s proposal . This means that the 48 poorest countries should be allowed to export the 48 poorest countries .
That is the key aspects of the programme .
This does not prevent us from criticising us and we have to ask ourselves .
One of the criticisms is the treatment of BSE by Brussels ; in this context we should also stress that the Commission and Parliament have been obliged to fulfil this crisis for years and that we continue to give our fellow citizens the need to give our fellow citizens a response to their concerns but also the need to give our fellow citizens a response to their concerns .
Because the creation of a single market does not mean that the protection of the citizens is intended to benefit from the protection of the citizens , and to profit from profit , it means that the essential services are to guarantee the essential services , in a civilised way , and more competition and greater freedom .
It is important to think that it is clear that , at present , there is a need for liberalisation and not to live in a civilised context .
With regard to governance , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to see a little more radical thinking about new forms of new kinds of old and good democratic technology which will allow us to understand , for example , the embassies of the transitional period by 2 500 years .
That is what we need .
And we still need a Commission proposal on the distribution of responsibilities and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that there is a very broad need to make a very comprehensive contribution to this .
Mr President , fewer appeals to the civil society and the Members of the Member States are talking about more with their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Members of the Member States .
In my opinion this year , it is not a question of producing a self @-@ violent or rather @-@ sighted stadium . We must consider the procedure and the method .
In this respect , Madam President , I believe that we must also make a clear distinction .
Madam President , I would like to end my speaking time , by saying that my speaking time is to put forward proposals by the Commission .
It will do it ; we will be able to increase an alliance which is absolutely essential to make progress in the debate and to help find solutions to the future of Europe .
On behalf of my Group , I welcome these progress .
However , we are concerned at the report which the Commission published last week in Stockholm on the Stockholm process .
We have committed ourselves to creating a high @-@ quality economy within the world of ten years &apos; time , unfortunately we will make a slow progress as planned .
In this respect , I am not a poor losers , I am a poor losers , but I would like to point out that I was speaking on the minority in the proposal to liberalise postal services .
That is the case , all of us .
I am reminded of a history that is mentioned in the United States about the famous mayor of the Constitutional Congress , Richard Side .
Following one of his post office , he wanted to speak in his speech about the new noble objectives of his administration .
It is a mistake to do so with a mistake against the rapid reaction of his speech .
He promised to make his new administration more ambitious .
I think we should be careful not to give us the same mistake in relation to Lisbon , but to make real progress .
The message to Stockholm is that we are serious about our commitments and we will have to put it into practice .
We have made good progress in our efforts to manage the food and consumer policy in the last twelve months .
There is still a great deal to be done , but there has been tangible progress .
In terms of trade and development , my group supports the initiative .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is faced with the sensitive problems of agriculture in connection with the World Trade Organisation and the debate on land reform , we hope that these debates will not affect the development of development .
This is an important European initiative , and I hope that the College will be devoted to the whole exercise of the whole exercise , regardless of the difficulties that may arise in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party believes that we need to pay more attention to asylum and more attention .
I congratulate Mr Vitorino on the work carried out so far , but we have reached an agreement in Tampere , and I wonder why we still find ourselves so difficult to do so for so long .
With regard to enlargement , which my group is very dear to the Commission , I would like to make it clear to the Commission and to Mr Solana , that we need to look at the matter more closely with Cyprus .
It is not just a question of the acquis communautaire in this area .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire , and we do not see any problems .
Rather , it is about serious and serious political issues which we believe should not be the time and attention they believe in the future of Cyprus .
With regard to the form of the legislative programme , I am delighted that the programme will begin by the committees of the House .
It is good that we have the opportunity to meet the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , as Mr Prodi said , it is not a question of any kind of opportunity , and he has mentioned some priorities .
But I have been watching the programme .
There is little warnings from 49 parties in the Netherlands .
These 49 parties contain various initiatives .
It is very difficult to set up the real priorities and to identify the areas which our full political commitment is in place , which we must deal with .
Something needs to change here .
We must change our approach .
I hope that in September we will be able to approve all the initiative in a consistent manner .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
A number of these initiatives may be supported , but some of the initiatives have been found that they are not very important .
To what extent is this programme the outcome of a Council request to the Commission to take the initiative ?
We cannot answer any answers to these questions .
However , I should like to answer answers .
This is not an issue of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative to the Treaties , but the issue of quality control .
I would like to finish off by saying that I think it would be very sensible if we reach agreement between September and to conclude the debate until September , Madam President of the Commission , and Mr Prodi , as President of the European Commission , as President of the European Commission , and could say : that is our priority for Europe .
What do you stand on this ?
So we should deal with our work , and we should be proactive and forcefully .
At the end of the day , a word on Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
We should encourage the European Parliament to prepare a comprehensive and open debate on the broad involvement of the institutions .
My group could consider the formation of a convention in which the European Parliament and the national parliaments are actively involved .
( Applause )
Madam President , my group also fully supports the fact that we are really looking at the key priorities in this debate and we can see to this Business @-@ minded business approach to a moment , which we have in our daily work here .
First of all , I would like to say that the greatest problem in the lack of instruments that the Union can make in the way in which the Union is able to do justice to the challenges of globalisation , for example , are instruments which allow citizens to protect the adverse effects of this globalisation .
I would just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to decide on a decision to be decided on by qualified majority voting in the future .
That means that we leave ourselves to the countryside .
We have to influence the players on our taxation system , and this is obviously an essential limitation to build on what we are talking about here as the European social model , which is based on taxation .
The development situation has focused on development strategies .
There is no doubt that we really need to fight against racism in particular because we should not be able to make any use of immigrants and asylum seekers .
This is a great public responsibility .
Madam President , in this House , too often words are being said about our citizens .
It has been said here today that the citizens should be involved in decision @-@ making in decision making , but it is , unfortunately , forgotten when it comes to what is happening .
Let me give you an interesting example here .
The institutions are trying to bring about a more pragmatic way of ensuring that the Union &apos; s rights are to be protected via the decision @-@ making process .
I would like to warn all my colleagues and all Members of Parliament who seem to have a regulation to protect confidential work on the part of the institutions , i.e. the opposite .
We cannot accept this and we must also discuss this issue more openly .
This cannot be done completely behind closed doors , as is the case at present .
Madam President , Mr Prodi has spoken at the beginning of his speech on sustainable development , and this is a central issue for my group .
If we really do not manage to achieve a programme of sustainable development , we have missed an opportunity to get a programme of sustainable development .
In this respect , the Commission must show strong and consistent attitude .
But it is true that there will always be problems in this practical situation .
The Commission has publish its White Paper on validation , but I have reason to vote for the adoption of the Commission &apos; s approach to ensuring that dangerous chemicals are actually protected by the industry as a result of ensuring that dangerous chemicals are actually controlled by transport .
We cannot accept that if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously and , in particular , the Commission should be aware of the company and economic players that sustainable development can be a good business .
At present , the major reform of agricultural policy is being discussed and we want to encourage and ask that the Commission should adopt an overall approach , not only with small steps and we are facing a real change in the model of deregulation .
If you will allow me , Madam President , I would like to say that Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice will certainly be the best part of the whole Treaty .
It contains a great commitment to Parliament and the Council , and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , to re @-@ evaluate the process of drawing up this process seriously .
My group fully supports the initiative which you have proposed , namely civil society during the next six months , to include civil society during the next six months , including the national parliaments and the candidate countries .
I have taken note of the fact that , in particular , we must be satisfied with the fact that we must be satisfied with the national parliaments .
No , civil society is a little bit .
We must take them seriously and no longer let the Intergovernmental Conference stop any more than ensuring that the national interests are taken away and that everything has taken place behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 raises a number of questions , first of all on the role of the Union in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries are to be continued in a way that is to be continued in your document , in which the report refers to 18 further later this year .
How do we not think that if there is any bureaucratic indication of the way in which the health and problems associated with the political decisions which we have to make , and on the basis of the political decisions we have to take ?
Moreover , I believe that the concept of the Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership - is called for - and this is the whole seven lines - to be particularly risky and shorter .
Measures taken by the Union in these fields are also critical of some critical votes , such as last week on 2 Euro @-@ Mediterranean .
What lessons are you learnt from this report ?
What has happened to the Union &apos; s development policy ?
In addition to the commercial action that you mentioned earlier , you , in addition to the commercial action you mentioned earlier , will be created by the United States , and that development cooperation should be replaced by money .
With regard to other countries , you will replace the Lomé philosophy with the logic of the WTO .
Tell me , what is the ambition of Europe to its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority I would like to ask you is the new economic and social agenda .
In this context , the Commission must prepare the relevant financial indicators on the basis of the so @-@ called structural indicators .
What is the role of these indicators to the social concerns and everything that has been described as a very correct human development indicators ?
Thus , for example , you have no social condition for the Commission &apos;s approval of large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future in order to prevent events from events such as Michelin , Danone , ABB , contaminants and others , where the announcement of excellent financial results can be announced ?
Why would you postpone the directive on European Works Councils to the next year ?
In this context , a White Paper on the subject of good political leadership must be introduced to include a partnership with civil society .
In the case of the world &apos; s conference in port , I should like to go back with both hands , but I feel that , behind a political announcement , all these guidelines almost abandon all these guidelines with a political announcement of all these guidelines .
What sort of action would you be prepared to do , Mr President of the Commission , for 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice will now lead to the enlargement of the Union .
This was the main objective that has been achieved within the framework of the transitional period and , in my view , the speedy accession of the candidate countries to the European Union has ceased .
The key task of the present 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that ratification of the Treaty of Nice is to be ratified .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force if the process of ratification lies in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note with interest that today &apos; s debate is the &quot; Follow up of the European Council in Nice .
I would warn all those concerned to discuss very far @-@ reaching developments in the European Union before completion of the European Union .
That is really the central theme in the Union .
Those who talk about wider political integration within the Union are of course ratified by the Treaty of Nice .
That , of course , is not the case .
The Treaty must be used to be easily interpreted as the 370 million citizens of the Union and , in a way , housing , which will guarantee the support and the goodwill of all our citizens .
This criticism is particularly concerned with all those who propose the introduction of complete federal structures within the European Union .
It seems to me that there is a whole series of rings in Europe which is very good for us , and we will have the corresponding amendments to which the citizens will be grateful for later .
This is the political activity , however , not working .
We are proposing proposals .
Then we will try to win the European citizens within the framework of our own parliaments or by referenda .
We which support enlargement and the full right of candidate countries to join the European Union must now be able to convince our citizens of the importance of the provisions of the Treaty of Nice and its far @-@ reaching political impact .
But in any case , the European Union should continue the debate on new political developments in the Union as long as the Treaty of Nice is not ratified in each Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I have heard some surprise about the remarks made by the chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , which , in a sense , has been demonstrated by the Council &apos; s representatives and , in some cases , have criticised the criticisms of the Member States &apos; representatives .
In my opinion , it is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just discussed on the agenda . This programme is , as it were , a book of ideals which , however , is a book of utopian ideals , which Mr Prodi referred to in his speech .
The basic problem , which has now been debated on the modern Europe , is increasing the debate on the modern Europe , which has been characterised by a great deal of American expression , which has been described as a social model , which has been described as a social state .
The test is and remains whether we want a social state or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market and fewer market and fewer markets ?
We have heard that , last year in Europe , there were 2.5 million jobs in Europe , which have been made available to the President of the Commission , and Mr Prodi has really been told to be an excellent result , but I believe that it should also be assessed on the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs within the Union .
In the South of Italy there is a whole series of unemployed , but the Union could be able to cope with such a solution .
I am thinking also of your comments about the internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that a passion of work and the Commission passion , for example , are also leading to its internal media control , which concerns the cuts in the size and assessment of the European Parliament &apos; s employees and the European Parliament &apos; s representatives .
Mr President , a few moments say yes to the Treaty of Nice , because federalists refuse to protest against it .
Some federalists say yes , because they are opposed to both groups , but for both groups .
Eurosceptics must be opposed to power from national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists must oppose the fact that decisions are made by the voters and elected representatives from the voters and representatives of the EU .
Nice means that it is less democracy .
We all have a common interest in ensuring a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
Before closed doors must be stopped behind the next Treaty , the next Treaty must be negotiated by the elected representatives .
The discussion must not only be public , but the citizens are directly involved in the discussion , in those countries where the option is admissible .
Against this background , federalists and &quot; rationalised &quot; are discussing the future of Europe &apos; s future Europe .
What is to be decided in Brussels , what is to be decided in Strasbourg , what is to be decided on ?
The Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left , for the Europe of Democracies and Diversities , is leading to an open , substantial and cooperative European cooperation .
We would like to see most of the decisions made in the Member States and regions .
The wealth of Europe is in its differences and , for example , we see no need for the EU to change a decision on local economies .
This is a matter which we can decide on .
Finally , I hope that the Commission &apos; s staff will take advantage of diverse discussion between all different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on an oral question on the review of the European Council of Nice , during which the next IGC will not be signed , will be convened , and the next IGC will be convened in 2004 , as points of order have been drawn up .
It , and in particular the Commission , expect - as its President said just now - and the Commission , as its President just said , will be setting up the large European preparatory force , which is the drafting of a Charter of Fundamental Rights in the last year .
But , or even more ludicrous , we cannot do something about it .
The idea of a European Constitution depends on the idea of a European State which does not want our peoples .
The Council of Nice - and it has to be stressed , is , moreover , that this idea of the future Intergovernmental Conference should be decided as the objective of the future Intergovernmental Conference , because the future of a nations which respects national democracies and is based on a network of nations .
At the moment we must reflect on the form of the future debate .
It must be said that the Convention , which has prepared the Charter of Fundamental Rights , has been a failure , because it is always the case that it is always the responsibility of the judicial authorities , and ultimately a text which , in the final analysis , is not acceptable in the ears of a supranational state , but it is not acceptable to all of us .
Of course , the Intergovernmental Conference must be prepared for the future , but in no way constitutes a convention in the state of the state of affairs which will lead us into a further impasse .
With regard to the next IGC , we must start a debate in and with the national parliaments which will take responsibility .
In a second stage , the Intergovernmental Conference should only negotiate on credible proposals , that is to say , by at least one quarter of the Union &apos; s national parliaments .
It would be ensured that we are not negotiating in reforestation and that the relationship with the national democracies will be maintained .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to address all the issues which the European Commission must address , in a brief document .
I will only confine myself to two areas , which I would like to wish to see .
Let us look at what is happening in the agricultural sector , as the European People &apos; s Party is urgently required to rethink the common agricultural policy and , in particular , clarity the scope of future strategies .
Let us just look at the financial burden of our budget by the agricultural policy on the back of agriculture , or on the issues of globalisation .
You yourself mentioned the proposal made by Commissioner Lamy , which is extremely important , but it will have significant repercussions on the issues of agriculture .
Or we are thinking about future developments in food production , in the field of nuclear production or biotechnology .
If we are to accept the issues of enlargement and agriculture in certain regions such as the Mediterranean , we would like to know what model the Commission intends to implement , and , above all , we would like to see that this model does not take place on the altar of foreign policy being sacrificed to the altar of foreign policy .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , whose importance was taken by a forum in which we participated last week .
With regard to the Mediterranean , there are still important problems .
We would like to see a policy which is being adopted in the southern area of the southern zone , which is comparable to the countries of the European Union .
Mr President , President of the Commission , President of the Commission .
We have heard a great deal of time today .
I should like to refer to your last words , where you have spoken about Parliament , and so forth .
Fine , good words , Mr President , but too little !
I would like you to make a concrete comment , in a sense .
The situation is one of the strong things : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that the basis for a future Europe does not need to be the basis of the future of Europe &apos; s future .
We are therefore waiting for you to strengthen the strengthening of both sides of Europe and the strengthening of parliamentary democracy .
In general terms , you will agree to this .
Mr President , if your Vice @-@ President has recently stated in a discussion in the relevant committee , we should propose a kind forum for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , to which everyone , together with Members of Parliament - and I do not think that , if this is to say , a forum such as this should be established instead of the Convention .
Mr President , we want a Convention to have a Convention of parliamentarians from the European Parliament and national MEPs .
That is what we want , because we ask you clear and clear support .
Mr President , I know there are also criticism of the Commission &apos; s criticism - directly , that this Parliament has weaknesses .
There are weaknesses in this Parliament . There are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses in this Parliament and the European Parliament need to be able to strengthen this Parliament &apos; s strengthening of this Parliament and not to weaken it .
This brings me to the next point : you have again proposed - and I have a right to ask you - and I have a right to publish this - to publish good good governance .
The concept of good governance is a little bit somewhat problematic .
I would like to say more forcefully governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making process must be strengthened , and I recognise that you are right .
It must be made clear .
The dialogue with civil society is also one of the dialogue with civil society .
I agree absolutely .
We have to do more than a parliamentarian .
But again is the crucial question : is the involvement of civil society a replacement for strengthening the direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is the civil society in a sense of codecision and decision @-@ making process or not ?
In this regard , too , there must be a clear and clear statement for Parliament .
( Applause )
In this connection , I would also like to mention , because this is a new &quot; one &quot; .
In addition to this , too , too , it will sometimes become more romantic @-@ free .
No , Mr President .
The decision must be taken by Parliament , the Council , and Parliament must decide .
It is true that we have to make a clear and transparent decision @-@ making process , not as the time has come at the moment , and not in public debates , and not in public debates .
We need to engage in dialogue with a dialogue and debate , and we must adopt their views , yes .
But we cannot give the wolf the sheep .
In the future , what is the right way to check , which is what we are trying to control in future ?
I agree with you .
This would be as if I would say that the feedingstuffs industry and the licensing rules are intended to define the rules for themselves .
This cannot be the case !
In this context , one small comment : there is a growing trend in the Commission &apos; s communication .
In other words , the Council and Parliament will be able to determine the Commission &apos; s interpretation as as as as possible , as it may be possible to determine the various types of contract .
This too is a dangerous move !
The Commission makes proposals .
It is the right of initiative .
I readily admit that .
However , the decision must be taken by the parliamentary bodies , and this must not be matched by detailed statements by consulting them .
If , then , the European Court of Justice is called for to be asked .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect the Commission a whole host of proposals .
We are also looking forward to the respect of parliamentarism , as we respect the Commission .
We expect you to be closer to our hearts as we are keen to see .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has made it clear that the institutions should act responsibly , transparent and efficient and , furthermore , he promised a White Paper on sound governance .
Perhaps we should start with improving governance in the European Union &apos; s work programme .
We should focus our political work on areas where EU @-@ wide action is vital .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity is always upheld .
If , in view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation , this is actually the case for a single European idea for curricula for curricula , I refer to the fact that I refer to this year .
In the case of any new legislative process , we should be able to make a contribution to this House , as my colleague Mr Clegg suggested , to set up a continuous monitoring of this House in order to ensure that the proposed measures are laid down in this House in order to guarantee the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , instead of making the proposals in annexes , you should be able to hide your speech on a detailed list of proposals , which will be explained by each individual &apos; s point of view .
The proposals should be taken by a serious debate in the College of Lifelong Learning and not simply on the subject of the annex .
Our committee should review the various Commissioners from the various Commissioners to proposals .
We shall have to vote on this in our plenary session .
Nice has shown that we do not make progress on the intergovernmental basis .
It is now up to us to find convincing arguments for a Europe @-@ wide Europe .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I agree with the demands of more concrete answers .
The political unity of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
On the contrary , the renationalisation is the renationalisation of renationalisation .
As far as I am concerned , President Prodi , I think it is very important that the Council &apos; s arrogance are of great importance .
They are of nature from their nature .
Mr President , Mr Prodi &apos; s attitude is unclear and most vague , especially on the question of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found a critical word about the Treaty , but I hear that in my own country , the Commission is sending a great deal of faith in my own country , in which the Treaty of Nice is an historic breakthrough and success .
You have found critical words , but your Commissioner Barnier has a concept of the debate instead of a common forum and a Convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you to give a very specific answer : foot you going to ask for a clear answer . How do you intend to call a bicameral system and to continue the enlargement of the Treaty of Nice with a view to the crucial democratic principles such as the separation of power , fairness and defence , public opinion and so on ?
Mr President , Nice was a retrograde step backwards - of democracy , more transparency , more transparency and no comfort .
In my view , the post @-@ Nice Summit must be used to rescue the Union before Nice .
I would like to mention four points which are important to me .
Firstly , I call on the Council to rectify the number of seats in the Czech Republic and Hungary immediately , to correct discrimination against these two countries .
Secondly , there is a need for a clear common debate on the future of the European Union , which must not be re @-@ renationalisation .
Thirdly , in accordance with the Convention , which is also based on legitimacy and authority for proposals , and fourthly , the Intergovernmental Conference should be preferred , as it should not be possible to take place in 2004 , at a time when the Commission and Parliament will not be able to take full account of the fact that the Commission and Parliament cannot be involved with the two institutions .
Mr President , our priorities have been taken for years , because we have not fully achieved our objectives or , if we are to overcome our objectives , the bad political , technological and economic challenges which we have to overcome .
The problem of employment and working conditions is still pending , and we must develop and develop our skills , and in terms of enlargement , we must develop and develop the necessary structures , the economic adjustments and political and social relations and political and social relations .
It is not about speeding up the process of enlargement , nor is it a question of speeding up enlargement , it is a question of achieving it in accordance with real practice and the necessary pace so that a morally correct decision is not contradictory .
We must not lose sight of the fight against illegal immigration , the exploitation of women and trafficking in women , the exploitation of women and trafficking in women , but we have to acknowledge that the formally responsible documents do not correspond to any practical progress .
We are waiting for a European regulation for the use of the Internet .
Indeed , there is no freedom , but it is only a matter of freedom of violations against national and international laws .
The regeneration of Mediterranean policy , during its last part @-@ session , must be achieved as quickly as possible , and it is also important for the peace initiatives in the Middle East .
In all the demands we have in the moment , it is an absolute priority to focus on the other priorities : food safety and public health .
On behalf of a little further progress and the illegal profit motive some of the less effective and the illegal profit of some of the food and food industry will be destroyed by the whole of the food and food industry .
The consequences will be devastating if we are not determined to react carefully and to react in good time .
Too often , governments have already had the first news of mad cow disease , suspected suspected or infectious suspected species , in all the most vulnerable areas of disease , which are not only classed as an environmental offence but as ecological and health .
President Prodi Prodi , we call on the Council to urgently ask the Council to establish an monitoring and monitoring system , but we would like to see greater monitoring by your presidency .
Mr President , we are now faced with a lot of open questions which we need to give specific answers .
These issues concern jurisdiction between national and European competences , simplifying the provisions of the Treaties , the status of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
What is the fact that the Member States should continue to stay further ?
This question is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s administrative policy .
We need to be quite aware that it is only clear that it is possible to lay down competences in the public for legislative and political decisions at European level .
It is therefore essential that the national parliaments involve greater responsibility for the planned Intergovernmental Conference in the run @-@ up to the Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as soon as possible , as soon as possible in the Member States , and on the other hand , in order to overcome the possible problems in implementing ratification .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we are now going to be a permanent issue : the Amsterdam Treaty which we are now sending the interior of Nice to be resolved in the post @-@ Nice Nice Treaty .
I believe that we must also have a clear procedure for this .
The question is that it is only a declaration of intent which will be adopted in a Convention , and will the 15 in the near future be treated as in Nice ?
I think we need to make it clear that , in terms of both the method and the objectives , it should not be the case that it should be dealt with in the world .
It also needs to be looked at , after all the Heads of Government , that the decision @-@ making process of Nice is ill @-@ placed , according to which methods may even arise before the post @-@ Nice procedure , for example , in the context of the post @-@ Nice procedure , which has always been resolved in the past .
Moreover , this is also the method to delay enlargement .
Enlargement is the second major issue which we have to fulfil , and we have to fulfil our historic duty .
This is my third issue .
We have to see that transatlantic links are not being created in new security discussions , that the Americans do not understand our intention with our programme and our programme and we do not understand the Americans with its programme .
I think we can say firstly that enlargement is our own defence policy .
Secondly , if we develop our own skills , this part of the Atlantic Alliance will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
I believe that this is the opportunity to create the conditions for a transatlantic market place .
The current state of the American President , Robert Stasi , is the author of the transatlantic declaration of the 1990 declaration .
I would urge you to restore this tradition once again in order to narrow the sea .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , three brief comments .
Firstly , at the first stage , not only the public debate - Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok , is also one of the first phase , but also the first stage of linkage .
My very clear question is this : Are you prepared - and will it succeed - will we succeed in presenting a joint proposal from the Commission and Parliament this year for the further restoration of the &quot; forthcoming &quot; process of &quot; forthcoming &quot; Nice &quot; ?
That is the first question which is about the method .
As far as the second question is concerned , I welcome the fact that , as you have said , we need a body for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
We want a Convention for the further breakdown of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which provides a public debate on the public debate , and , at the same time , a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and the issues that will then have to be negotiated in 2004 .
My third question concerns issues .
Four issues are specified in order and feasible , but we all know that it is not just these subjects which must be defined , but we all know that it is a great deal more than that .
I would like to advise all of us that , from this very incredible term term , the post @-@ Nice Nice Summit , we are &apos; Rapid Nice &apos; .
We are not talking about &apos; Nice &apos; .
Nice is not just the end of a method , but Nice is , in fact , the end of an era , the era of the European Central Institute of the NLD , the 1960s and eighties .
We are now talking about establishing a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union in the 21st century .
It is not about the &apos; Nice process &apos; , but it is a question of having a renewal of the European construction process , which must be clearly visible .
If we are to win public debate if we want to win the people of Europe &apos; s objectives of European unification , then it is not enough to initiate a &apos; wake @-@ Nice process &apos; , but we must make it clear that it is a new European Union which has changed in a new Europe which has changed since 1990 .
Mr President , allow me to start by expressing my great disappointment at the fact that none of the presidency &apos; s ministers is present in this important debate .
Mr President of the Commission , in the conciliation process after Nice , it is clear that the compromise reached behind closed doors has been made behind closed doors .
It has now been remedied and has promised a wide social debate on the objectives of Europe , its future and tasks .
That is a good thing .
The promise is duty .
But how should this be done ?
If the citizens of Europe are really to take part in the debate on the future of the European Union &apos; s common European project , they will also be able to influence it .
Is the Commission prepared to incorporate proposals and ideas and implement it ?
In this case , it means that the EU will change and simplify it .
We know that many people want a clear constitution .
When will they get this ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues where citizens want a strong , dynamic and visible EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to provide these instruments to the EU ?
The results of Nice are unfortunately warning .
We know that there is a general ambiguity that the Union can be involved in too many detail .
If the Commission is prepared to give substance to the famous principle of subsidiarity , the Commission is prepared to find a procedure to restrict the enormous causes which all pack up in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The citizens of the EU and candidate countries and , of course , of course Parliament must have a real impact on the procedures , the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how ?
This is the big issue which has been raised in the air and which all colleagues have raised .
According to what happened in 2000 , Mr Prodi , you will be able to agree with us , Mr Prodi , when you explain your programme of e @-@ Europe and the year 2001 .
According to your programme , we could think that this is a very serious and far @-@ reaching problem of the whole affair .
In its proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs are speaking in their proposals without taking into account the need to create these jobs in areas where they are high and more customer @-@ qualified .
Neither the economic and budgetary problems encountered by the need to bring about new states , which are still the tragedy of the immigration from the third world , will be ignored by the crisis between the ultra @-@ liberal industries caused by the neo @-@ liberal crisis , particularly in port .
There is nothing to say about the enormous disappointment of Nice , and in this context we are signalling the fact that the Member States are no longer in a position to prevent direct democratic decision by citizens or by bodies with political and judicial personality without any state of political and judicial personality .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , the Commission should not cease to learn the fact that the European society is currently undergoing the process of creating a process which has to be adopted with the adoption of a constitution of the Union .
It would be good if the Council , the Commission and Parliament are jointly committed to the initiative which is required by the citizens .
Mr President of the Commission , today the Eurosceptics have left the blame .
They were in a position to be cited in the house in this House , which is in place in dark colour , in a dark context , which they have demonstrated and rush , which they have demonstrated and rush , which they have demonstrated and rush , because they have not learnt anything from the past .
The enlarged European Union , however , is precisely the opposite , so that it is not simply the case of the Amsterdam leftovers to be held at the Nice Summit , and when 2004 is the year 2004 , new disappointment .
Europe needs another strategy , a different concept .
The majority must be prepared to find reality without prejudice .
It is enough for them to failed in Nice .
Now it is important that they understand the knowledge and knowledge of the people who took place there , namely the fact that the self @-@ accession of the people fleeing and the true reality of the peoples .
This is what we need to do , but also the question of speed .
If you want a state of affairs and political superstructure to legislate , it is not a European people , but not even a European public , that can only lead to new disasters .
More centralism , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples are opposed to them .
No one wants to rely on democratic quality , in the field of its own country , in the area of his own language and culture , where the power is close to power , and it is clear and determined .
If we cannot understand the fact that we are not aware of the fact that , if we are not prepared to go to the conduct of the national parliaments , we would like to do so if we do not want to go to the conduct of the national parliaments , if we do not want to give Europe the same way , then we will not take the same path as the outcome of the Euro @-@ Nice debate , but that is a pity .
It would also be regrettable if the federalists continue to see their close thinking of the reality of the peoples and the same disappointment as the result of Nice and Europe .
As far as preparations were prepared , the goods are not a major one .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with the nations on the basis of nations , and no more than that of nations .
On the other hand , we need fifteen national debates within the framework of enlargement , national debates on Europe , without pencils and ambiguities where the questions are clearly addressed .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the absence of a specific programme of the Commission to prepare for the forthcoming institutional reform meets , as you pointed out , this Parliament is concerned .
It seems to be that we have to wait for the guidelines of discards to move in themselves .
However , the debate on the future of the Union has been implemented for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament is already active .
The truth of the Commission &apos; s passivity if it were to confirm the fact that it would be extremely serious in this preliminary stage , because we all know that it is the manufacturer &apos; s responsibility .
And this responsibility has to be taken into concrete proposals and , rather vague , to deal with a White Paper or other similar problems .
However , I am truly pleased that President Prodi reiterated this morning &apos; s statement to the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that he has confirmed that the proposal is not a retrograde step in relation to the previous Convention , but the quest for a better functioning agreement is not a step forward .
But if that is the case , what is the case ?
The Europeans are now aware of what a Convention is , and we could look into its transparent and convincing results and do so with the laborious nature of the last IGC .
His opponents do not reject the name of the name , they reject the Convention .
We would therefore like to focus on the world of values and support the public , so that Parliament and the Commission are fighting .
We do not want to go back to those who want a democratic and transparent Europe , but a more democratic Europe .
The Union does not need a Commission Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission : what we are demanding today .
Mr President , we need to have a debate on the future of the European Union and we need a solid institutional structure .
The proposals which you have presented this morning will enable us to establish Mr Hänsch - the natural alliance which has to restore the natural alliance between our two institutions in order to restore this dialogue within the institutional cycle .
But if we want to make progress in this way , it is not helpful to denounce this or the Council &apos; s behaviour .
We need a strong Council , we need a strong Council @-@ based relationship between the Council .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any modification of the Treaty .
We should support the initiatives in this respect in the Council instead of sending us back to the Council &apos; s absence to regret the absence of the Council , as Mr Poettering has done earlier .
My second point concerns the White Paper on good political leadership which we expect with impatience .
We take the view that the debate can be close to one of the points made in Annex IV , i.e. the selection of powers .
However , I would like to draw your attention to one aspect .
You said this morning that you want a Europe to become a Europe with more citizens .
We believe that if we make progress here , we would like to make real improvements .
Because we are constantly told in our constituencies , in our own constituencies , the difficulties there are when they do not want to stand up to the Commission .
The long @-@ windedness of the procedures , the concentration of the projects in this respect .
The third point concerns the debate on the future of the Union .
I believe that you have some elements this morning , which will enable us to start dialogue with good conditions .
Of course , the question of content must be raised ; the institutional questions will then be dealt with later .
Of course , the issue of the Union &apos; s political clout on the international level , the question of solidarity - and I am inheriting it from the social model - is of key importance to the willingness to be filled with the willingness to act in the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are delighted that you have taken note of the fact that the four partners of the Convention have been able to re @-@ examine the four partners of the Convention once again .
We must distinguish between hand and the institutions .
The Convention must remain a more impartial body because the experience of Amsterdam and Nice has shown that the European Parliament &apos; s representatives are not enough to take place in the IGC , because we would prefer the procedure to be drawn up in the Convention and because we are convinced that all proposals will be drawn up in this framework .
There is no separation between human rights issues which could be discussed in political bodies and , on the other hand , issues relating to institutional aspects which were reserved for diplomatic bodies .
Nice has proof that the Convention would allow the Convention to be able to make more rapid and more rapid progress and to strengthen our common method of operation .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project for our time .
I thank the Commission for its efforts .
But this is a difficult part of the difficult part .
It is now a question of maintaining pace .
The first enlargement is to conclude in Copenhagen , in Copenhagen , in Copenhagen .
That is the objective of the Commission and we take the floor on this subject .
I would urge the next holder of the incoming authorities to keep very close contact with the candidate countries and to ensure that they deviate from them .
But , Mr President , not only the candidate countries should adapt to us , and we must adapt to it .
A EU Member States have to learn to focus their forces on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
We do not do that at the moment .
You yourself said here in Parliament a year ago , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union should be exempt from all - and I quote - &apos; derisory minor minor omissions &apos; , which have been imposed by the Council of Ministers and Parliament .
You have repeatedly repeatedly raised the words &apos; derisory reference &apos; , and you are right .
It is time to do something about it .
Let us give an interim start , but at the same time a stronger EU !
Let us not forget too many things .
I suggest that you , President of the Commission , have a courageous Commissioner , with the fight against small aid and less important regulations , and that the Conference of National parliaments and the European Parliament should be empowered to reject legislation which breached the subsidiarity principle .
In return , there must be a strong Commission in order to ensure that the Union can act in the other areas .
Mr President , the spectre of Europe is a spectre of Europe .
It is the spectre of the negotiators .
The trend towards intergovernmentalism - the Council itself - has led Europe to the Nice impasse , and Mr Prodi , we are the natural friends of the Commission .
The Commission and Parliament must cooperate closely on this issue .
If Parliament , President Prodi , it is sometimes the Commission &apos; s fault of criticism , that it is not the case that the Commission has acted as a whole , but it is not the symptoms of our democratic circles .
There is no doubt that we are going to take this into consideration and does not divide us !
The national parliaments have been addressed .
I strongly reject the fact that a Convention and not a forum for the next steps will be prepared for the next steps , as the Council of Ministers , the Commission , Parliament and the European Parliament have democratically avoided .
We must not shy away from this type of scientific activity .
It would be important if it were to be worded in the Commission as well .
Moreover , we must reflect on the role of national parliaments in the European process .
It is important that the national parliaments monitor the Council .
That is their task .
You have no qualms about the Community institutions as Commission or even Parliament .
So when it comes to the involvement of the national parliaments , they must be asked in the legislative process to the Council .
They cannot restrict the role of the European Parliament .
We also attach great importance to this clarification .
A priority in the work of the Commission will be asylum and immigration .
Here we are not going to work on a European policy on asylum and security policy , as Mr Vitorino has pointed out .
But we need a common approach which is still lacking and which the Commission has yet to produce .
In this respect - and I represent a similar position , as the Commission is first and open to open debate , an open and open debate , the next step would be an advisory body based on the broad changes required .
This body could be reflected in the Convention which has drafted the Charter of Fundamental Rights , also from representatives of the European Parliament , the national parliaments and governments .
The results will then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
In this respect , we would , of course , like to deal with the four issues raised by the European Council , including a matter which is basically linked to the Commission &apos; s White Paper on a good governance .
I would like to know how the Commission is dealing with the twin links between these two processes , especially as it is a little bit .
On the other issues which have to be addressed , the future of the High Representative and the question of enlargement of Parliament &apos; s codecision powers should be the future of all legislative procedures , including those which are currently being adopted .
Finally , we must look at the codification of the Treaties .
I think that a specific procedure would be appropriate in this respect .
A committee of experts from the Member States and the bodies involved in Florence should be free to complete codification and simplification of the Treaties so that political work can begin next year on the basis of a &quot; already simplified text &quot; .
That would be an ideal way of doing this and we could be looking at the political work .
That would be my proposal for our resolution .
Mr President , politically speaking , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is not determined by the need to prepare the Union for its enlargement .
The issues are intended to give citizens the fear of a merger to be held in order to arrive at the Member States &apos; decision @-@ making powers , but rather a further miracle move .
A final division between European and national competences is not possible .
Cooperation is not an electoral process , it is a dynamic process .
The issues that were taboo were to be taboo later , such as the euro .
The criterion is social necessity and cannot be uninformed .
A forum that is discussed in depth at length is an excellent idea , but it is an excellent idea , but the result has already been made at the outset .
With regard to this future , there are totally different ideas in the individual countries , in political parties and even within political parties .
Anyone who wants to restore citizens &apos; confidence must be a more transparent and more competitive Europe , for a political structure , not a renationalisation of policy but also to strengthen the political institutions of the Union .
These issues are included on the agenda , so that the courage would be clear .
Mr President , first of all , a word on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before there had been a more clear or forceful indication of the fact that the EU has to do less but better .
This will also be the case for the European Parliament in the coming weeks too if its committees are going to deal with this programme .
In view of 600 initiatives , which are almost 200 @-@ fold , there is a great deal to be examined at the same time .
If I come now to the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see it under the context of the European future .
We look back to the history of the European Union over recent decades and the European continent in the last century .
I would like to quote from my head @-@ in @-@ life work from Milan @-@ generating work on the pretext that he says : &quot; The people shout : &quot; The people want to see a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a convincing lesson , who is not interested in life while the past has died and we want to see their face , pain and insulted so that we can destroy them or eat them .
The people want to be able to change the past . &quot;
Now , we have changed the past , and Europe is very different from the fact that it is a matter of great concern to the European Union .
The four following the four following the Treaty of Nice are not irrelevant nor irrelevant .
Our position is clear .
We want more involvement by national parliaments , on a systematic and constructive basis .
We would welcome a clearer delimitation of competences as proposed in the Berlin declaration of the European People &apos; s Party , provided that this is not a pretext for strengthening the centre of the centre .
Again , the simplification of the Treaties should be carried out in public interest , but it must not be used as a pretext for introducing a full European constitution , especially if this is a precursor to a centralised state of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve a wide @-@ ranging public debate .
Even though the past has been more open to consultation in the past , the officials of the various States in the Nice Intergovernmental Conference have always been held behind closed doors in the Nice Treaty , as already before us .
This needs to change in the next phase .
We must take a proper consultation of civil society , the expression of the cultural and political transparency we are happy to promote .
Mr Corbett amounts to the Chairman .
I would like to quote with George 230 ( b ) of the society , which society faces with thousands of innocents .
Our debate on the institutional future of the EU must be confined to the limited resources of the European Union , and must not be limited to the limited resources of Brussels , but we must instead make use of the democratic potential of the Internet and also of public opinion .
The EU must work towards a truly open society .
The citizens must have a say , including those in the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new date for the next IGC .
The year 2004 , the Commission is hardly more able to act and it is a matter of urgency for the European elections .
It would be a time for the conference to be held at 2003 , and the European Parliament will allow citizens to express their consent or reject some of the important decisions of governments and enlargement will then be completed .
These are the important questions .
One of the central issues in Great Britain , as well as in other countries , in which general elections are needed , will be the future of Europe ?
In the light of a Council of Ministers and a Commission , it has taken the wrong approach .
In Great Britain , the message is not clear in the light of the forthcoming elections : only the Conservatives can guarantee that the right solutions will be found in the post @-@ Nice process in the post @-@ Nice process .
In order to guarantee their European future , most people in Europe want to see the people of Europe live in Europe , but not by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I would not like to quote the interior of Indonesia , but rather to quote .
While George B of the Treaty of 1923 was mentioned , I said that the draftsman of the draftsman in the shadows does not appear , and this brings me to the heart of my brief intervention .
Every fifth human being in this world does not have access to clean drinking water , medical care and basic education .
The European Union , which is not only a trading block , but also a set of values and standards , could make an important contribution in this area .
Last year , on the basis of a agreement reached between the Commission , the Council and Parliament on the 2001 budget , the appropriations for external assistance , which apply both to medical care and basic education , have been made within the framework of the existing budget and not plus , that is to say .
The objectives have been set and additional staff have been provided .
The Commission &apos; s thinking of this kind is that work will be carried out more effectively and no more resources will be taken away from the current budget and that we will want to see direct results in areas which are also essential for development .
In this way , Europe could send a strong signal that we can see that the social area is not only confined to social matters but also people .
I hope the Commission will be able to make a good record this year in this regard .
Mr President , the Nice Summit has not been a success in general , perhaps those who feel that it would be a matter for those who wish to join Europe .
In this respect , it is not surprising that the whole process of dealing with the post @-@ Nice process has been launched .
This debate should - and this is of great importance - and this is very important - the Commission is in the process of drawing up procedures for the Laeken Summit .
Our Parliament has now adopted the initiative for an interim report on an interim basis for an interim report and a final report which , at the end of the year , will be presented to the Laeken Summit .
In spite of this work , it is a good one that is already making a few changes .
This is what our Group is also doing in this debate .
First of all , the main thrust of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to clarify the post @-@ Nice agenda .
There should be a need for democracy within the Union .
The irregularities inherent in Nice , which are determined by qualified majority voting by qualified majority , is unacceptable in this respect , but it is unacceptable to be excluded from the national parliaments and the European Parliament .
This is a mistake to rectify .
Secondly , the very complicated decision must be made .
The new regulations are no longer available to citizens and that is certainly not desirable .
In my opinion , this debate on a clear demarcation between national and European competences is not a threat to the right direction .
It would be better to link a link between such specific tasks and the European Constitution .
Thirdly and finally , Mr President , we must move away from those endless intergovernmental conferences , mainly by officials held by officials .
It is much more efficient , as for the drawing up of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I very much hope that the Commission will withdraw its proposal for a forum on the creation of a forum because such a large body is unable to take the right decisions .
A convention also provides the advantage of the national parliaments too .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I am not going to say nothing about Nice after , in any case , no one is listening .
The French Group of the European People &apos; s Party has criticised us just now that he is not listening .
I am referring to the Commission &apos; s plans on foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects , the geographic and the contents of the content .
I am actually in agreement with the whole of the geographic breakdown of the Commission , until one point is missing : there is no mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and we hope that in the future we will be the biggest most remote and most vulnerable to Palestine and the region .
It is not enough for me to be able to make a process of political content .
We need a different role to play in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We expect this not only to be a task of the Council and the High Representative , but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
The second point is the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
This House welcomes the development in the Lalumière report , but I would like to congratulate Mr Nassauer on the fact that my colleague recommends a spectre of Europe - a spectre of Europe , especially in this area .
Parliament wants a common , not a common European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged to strengthen the adoption of this policy .
They want to make a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention , and that is what I really do !
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have a request to you : please do not go along with the debate with the President of the Commission during the debate because he will not be able to sit in the debate , and I would like to thank him .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his report today and congratulate his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role which the European Union &apos; s Charter of Fundamental Rights has highlighted in this report , and my compliments to Commissioner Vitorino &apos; s important speech on its important speech .
The fundamental rights of the European Union , Mr President , we must now see how we incorporated this Charter into the Treaty .
Fundamental rights are , of course , precisely those who violate them within the European Union .
Therefore , I believe that all those initiatives which refer to the third pillar are of fundamental importance .
The chairman of our Group , Hans @-@ Flemish Poettering , and many others have expressed their views today .
For us , the stage of the communitarisation of the third pillar in Maastricht is extremely important .
In this respect , I believe that there is an initiative which the Commission has outlined in its entirety and which we attach great importance .
I believe that in the European Union , there should not be a place for terrorists , for those terrorists who took a further bomb in Madrid yesterday and who wanted to attack attack on the lives of people who died in Madrid .
I am sure that this initiative will soon become a reality , one of the priorities of the Commission .
That is why I would like to encourage you to go ahead .
Mr President , unfortunately I have to repeat the point which I took last year , namely that our Union lacks a procedural motion .
This is not a kind of accusation to President Prodi or the Commission , because the Commission is undoubtedly working , or perhaps I should say more .
In fact , you are dealing with almost many things .
No one is in a position to see all the Commission &apos; s and Commissioners &apos; proposals presented by the Commission and the Commissioners &apos; time , let us let it be a deliberative forum in order to identify it .
My first conclusion is that we should do less , but we should do less .
As President Prodi said this morning , we should not be able to have a situation where there is no point in getting rid of sugar .
It is essential that we should define what is happening in our Union , i.e. the principle of subsidiarity .
The Commission must , even if it has good legal reasons for this , not the decision of a national parliament , to build up the decision of a regional parliament on the construction of a new age , or the decision @-@ making process , because this is occurring under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning , he has asked the right questions , but it is not his job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right to submit proposals .
My time is not enough to continue this debate , but I have to say that if we want to build the new European house , we need not only create more and more policemen , but also to architects .
I hope , Mr President of the Commission , that you will be an Andalusian .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for having opened up a fundamental debate which has been set up today , which is what we want to do as a Europe , and not to give a response .
During this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important role , in which all sporting lights and every encouragement of Europe are bound to play .
And , as we are discussing today &apos; s discussion , by pharmaceutics and by wind dependence by previous politicians , I would also like to see a reference to you all the political opponents of Europe .
- ( PT ) I have heard my former colleague , Mr Antonio Rossa , who has spoken in his &quot; letters from the people of prison , which must be pursued by the people to become a better future .
Mr President , I had really seen a balance in the balance planned in Lisbon and Nice in the Commission &apos; s work programme planned in the Commission &apos; s work programme planned for employment , economic and social policy .
We need balanced progress in the internal market policy , the competition policy and social policy , but that is why the Commission &apos; s programme can hardly serve .
I find a reference to the reciprocal dependence of these policies .
In the field of competition policy and the internal market , for example , the merger regulation should be supplemented by the rights of workers , including social rights , and the same applies to public purchasing rights .
However , I have been given the recognition of this cross @-@ border relations , but I have been asked to do so .
Development and the internal market are far more rapid than the social field , which can easily lead to an imbalance .
I do not think that , in the Commission &apos; s work programme , I can hardly see the social policy agreed in Nice in December .
We can develop further progress in the areas of open coordination , which are now highly suited to employment and , in nature , in terms of social protection .
I should also like to raise a fundamental problem here , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs are not available to Commission documents in time .
In the context of these new forms of open coordination , we must abide by the usual imposition of coordination .
Furthermore - and this is a final conclusion - the Commission &apos; s work programme , with its promises to be a Green Paper on social responsibility , to present a Green Paper on the social responsibility of companies .
A Green Paper such a Green Paper must be based on the thousands of workers who have been victims of restructuring over the past couple of weeks .
We must review the legal framework in this area , and I hope the Commission will react quickly here .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we consider it to be very positive that you also set up measures and initiatives which the Union has to step up in the direction of developing and migration policies in the direction of asylum and migration .
However , I would also like to ask a few basic points . We hope that the consequences will lead to the consequences and , as you also expect your initiatives , they are not contradictory to previous initiatives .
This care - I should like to give you an example on this subject - not least , as we are talking about , as has been said by the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , as has been mentioned by the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council .
If family reunification is to be placed on family issues , this is a very positive measure in the interests of a European integration policy which we fully support .
However , if you are to be given the same title of those who are supposed to have a long period of protection in the Union , it is obvious that the consequences of those who have the right to enter into the Union do not seem to be a consequence of the consequences and is also contrary to your communications on a future immigration policy .
Furthermore , you will have the right to decide the Member States and how many people in the Union could be able to compete in the Union , which is a contradiction to what you say .
Mr President of the Commission , we want to continue to support you , but it will only be possible if your initiatives are not contradictory and if initiatives are resolved , not to create new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that we need a knowledge @-@ based economy in Lisbon .
I am delighted that Mr Prodi has highlighted the priority of sustainable development , which has been caused far beyond the natural environment .
We welcome rapid developments in the energy market , despite the risk of a balance between our energy policies and the objective of sustainable development .
I hope that you will use the use of renewable energy sources and the energy sector .
As far as trade is concerned , we are also responsible for a new WTO round which should also be able to introduce sustainable development and sustainable development .
I should like to take this opportunity to express my grave disappointment at Mr Prodi &apos; s deep disappointment at the fact that the European Parliament has lost more in commercial matters .
I strongly urge you to draw up an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe that we need reform and democratisation of the WTO .
We consider the initiative &apos; all the products to be a good step , although some of us regret the delays that the least developed countries of the world could conclude , which could lead to our commitment .
With regard to innovation and research , we are dealing with a detailed sixth framework programme .
Lasting and vague proposals will only be slow for delay and disappointment at EU @-@ wide delay .
Needless to say , the European research area is of course very important .
We believe that the public information on benchmarking is extremely important , especially in the economy and innovation .
I am sorry to hear Mr Ferber &apos; s two minutes .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you voted in favour of this sitting . Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , you have been sitting here .
The Commission has presented us a long @-@ term work programme for 2001 , which is why it is worth noting that it is a matter of urgency .
However , if I look at what is going on from Euro 2000 , I have already had an additional concern on the agenda for this year , and I have already had the concern that we will only have no more than shifting them at the end of the day .
In other words , you should look at whether you should not be able to draw up what is going on in anticipation of what is going to be done in the post @-@ Nice process , namely the delimitation of competences , and whether the Commission , as an executive body in this Europe , could be able to set up its work as an executive body in this Europe .
In this way , you would be able to reach a situation in which you will not have so many subjects in the next or six months , on the other hand , that people know what is going on important decisions in this Europe .
I would really like to encourage you - and I have asked everything with great interest , to check on whether or not you want to check whether or not they could be regarded as a matter of urgency as a matter of urgency .
A second issue I would like to raise is a committed fighter for representative democracy .
I have a little concern in your approach to the new governance of the new governance .
The question is how an elected Parliament , which must be responsible , is also home by the citizens , in relation to associations who do not have this responsibility .
It is precisely at European level that many representatives of associations are still working on us in the offices of offices and ask ourselves where there are still people who are still living in the offices of Europe , who are in fact still living here in Europe ?
It cannot be the purpose of such a new approach that those who are not responsible for this new approach , whereas those who are not responsible , are the European Parliament , that is to say so !
President .
I think you have spoken a moment ago .
My surprise was not to your person but only at the end of your speaking time !
Mr President , I can agree with what Mr Ferber has said .
I am not going to say anything about the whole range of proposals that have been proposed in my report , i.e. the environmental and consumer protection .
I will therefore say nothing about this because I guess that half the half will not be transferred to half the next year .
There would be a German stick in a German sense .
It would not be desirable , however , to try to find a new job which would not be given to it .
If you talk about good governance , Mr Prodi , is one of the good reasons for saying that you look at your Commission and decide what is reasonable and to decide what time and staff are concerned .
In order to keep good governance : what is good governance ?
What is this actually ?
Does this mean that transparency ?
Quite simply , Mr Prodi .
We are all very happy to be able to do so , but is more involvement of the media , which you choose and to negotiate with those of you alone .
Let me say no more transparency .
And to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of cutting procedures , including reduce the veterinary procedures in the Commission .
I am also in favour of cutting the procedure in Parliament , but are voluntary agreements with the industry .
Are this fast ?
And who is control ?
When they do not work ?
Is the more democracy , I ask you ?
You , Mr Prodi , have been selected by the Heads of Government and we have confirmed them .
But here in the European Parliament we have been elected by the European Union of the European Union .
Through the definition of its existence , this European Parliament has a central role to play in civil society , as you can say , and I hope you can see that you see it as well .
I would like to warn everyone in the Commission for this the key role of this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
It seems to me that , at the moment , good governance seems to be the Commission &apos; s first @-@ way governance , and I would therefore ask you to start arguing on the basis of governance , and I would therefore ask you to continue the fact that the European Parliament is responsible and , therefore , the body which you carry out !
Mr President , last week , the tiny beneficiaries of twelve people who were trying to arrive in the European Union last year were to arrive in the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi asks the European Union and its institutions to bring the citizens closer together .
In my opinion , issues relating to the development of the area of freedom , security and justice are undoubtedly sensitive questions for citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is a good one , which Mr Vitorino &apos; s proposals are well @-@ known , but they have made it clear in the scoreboard that there is a time limit for implementation and we can discuss it and discuss it .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering will know about this - who is based on a consensus on the renewal of a common policy .
The same applies to asylum and in terms of cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in the fight against terrorism .
Although Tampere , and until the last week , the Council stressed the fact that we have to observe the decisions taken by this European Council in Tampere ; but it has been maintained that it should be echoed in a incomprehensible manner .
There was no one of the proposals that have been made on the table , either on behalf of family reunification or other questions .
Mr Prodi , you said that there will be delays in the implementation of these policies ; you said that there is delays in these policies , and you said that the Commission is not the fault of the blame ; why should it be ?
What is the Commission doing to defend these part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress , for a good programme ?
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few minutes available to me , I cannot answer all the interventions that have been made available to me , but I would like to highlight some of these points and say a few things , so as to highlight general guidance .
First , Mr Cox &apos; s speech was starting to address the problem of the ongoing code of priorities , which has been mentioned , not to mention the problem of the ongoing code of priorities .
It is , of course , possible for us to be able to do so in the context of the research programme , which will seem absurd , but we must simply proceed to the bottom of the bottom of the bottom of the agenda , but we must simply proceed to the idea of making specific priorities , as we have here this morning , to establish concrete priorities .
Furthermore , I also believe that a government would have to be compelled to be multilingual or tedious . We are trying to restrict them to a minimum .
Today , and in the last part @-@ sessions we have presented a programme for the strategic planning .
Parliament will certainly appreciate the strict priorities , but these strict priorities must be carried out , but these strict priorities must be carried out which will be extremely marvellous .
The policy is , however , in the first place , and then it will be more specific .
Secondly , by Mr Hänsch and many other Members - stressed that there is cooperation in the Commission and Parliament .
Mr Hänsch even mentioned a joint proposal of our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would be useful ; of course we need to work together to work together in order to achieve a common decision , a common decision .
However , in a common proposal , it is perfectly different that we continue to achieve a rapprochement in the committees , in our daily work , in our daily work , in our daily work , and the analysis and errors of the problems , and this is what we are doing now .
We will have to move forward to a complex timetable - and this is the third problem which has been raised this morning by Mr McMillan @-@ Scott and many others , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen and many others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we are all talking about 2004 , but 2004 is a year of total consolidation of Parliament and the Commission .
If we want to move towards this process , we need to conclude a uniform and united approach by the end of 2003 .
I would just like to raise this issue as a problem , because we know that , in June 2004 , the elections will be held in the election campaign , in June 2004 , and then the new Commission was appointed , which will only be held in January 2005 .
That is why it is a year of the changeover , and I believe that this Parliament is insisting on the most important political denominator of the Union .
I would like to address this problem because I think it is indisputable .
A change of this kind cannot also be achieved by two parliaments or in a phase in which the Commission does not have powers of power or , at least , its mandate , and at least its mandate .
I would like to highlight this problem without finding a solution to them , but we must consider this because we have set up a date - the year 2004 - which we need to take into account and problems which must be taken into consideration .
Mr Swoboda , Mr Hänsch and Mr Corbett , Mr Corbett and Mr Corbett have pointed out another large number of shipping systems , which I would like to see , and I would like to avoid the way in which the major debate on Europe is established .
With regard to harmonization , we are basically in agreement , and we will see whether we are able to make good work and to establish civil society really in the debate .
In any event , our concern and Parliament and the Commission must support each other in this debate .
As far as Miss Time is concerned , I would also like to avoid the time to avoid the debate on the future of Europe .
I shall be more precise and I would like to clarify them : we must set up a more competent body following the Convention , which has prepared the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , following the model , that the body of the Convention must be different , it must probably be small and productive .
I just speak about the model .
However , we must develop the model for development .
I agree with the proposal from Michel Barnier and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must come up with proposals which do not necessarily require unanimity , because the time will come to the bottom @-@ up proposals , which will be difficult to reach a unanimous consensus .
That is why we need to think about a different panel of the same kind .
We have to work - and we must work - some of the basic principles .
I would like to repeat once again that the European Parliament must be involved and it must be included in the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission .
This is still the nature and the strength of the Union .
Of course I have taken note of your concerns that this body should not be too great and I share them ; this is why it will be difficult to overlook the existence of these four structures , which , in the light of these four structures , will be limited .
We must , however , make a huge effort to provide a large representative of these four structures and an adequate number of Members to ensure that the decisions are to be taken and a sufficient number of Members , and the majority decisions must be taken in unanimously because otherwise there will be room for paralysis .
In my opinion , it will be possible to cooperate in cooperation and to reach the final proposals .
Allow me to make one more comment .
We have committed ourselves to two aspects : we want to participate in the candidate countries - and this participation is not clearly defined , but probably it does not have a right to vote .
That is what we must do , and this is why we need to think about the necessary methods .
Finally , we agree that we must go beyond the four topics of Nice .
So let us be on the content and then we can give you a name of this .
In any event , this is the operational content which we have to work on .
A number of other concerns raised about subsidiarity and proportionality .
I can assure you that this is an excellent principle of our Commission , which is totally compatible with the fact that we must be able to give more thought and to give more thought to the recommendations .
An interesting example was cited .
God is not a question of God &apos; s desire to unify people &apos; s mentality in Europe , but we must often give our young workers those who are working by one Member State to another .
The single European system must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which makes mobility easier for individual Member States .
We need good sense to recognise that there are things which we are dealing with and which we are forced to regulate and which must be done to support our decisions .
There are also a great many other things which are really inappropriate .
Finally , I also welcome Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou &apos; s speech on the Mediterranean policy .
We have little talk about this this year , which is understandable , because we rightly - and rightly so - have devoted us to enlargement and the exchange of people .
It is , however , a fairly concrete programme for the Mediterranean , and I was in the last year to see the Mediterranean , Morocco and Palestine last month in Algeria , Morocco and Lebanon and the last week in Jordan , Syria and Lebanon .
I can assure you that there is a desire to call for a call for Europe , not only because of economic problems but also for the support that we are receiving to help the people of these countries .
However , there are two new demands which have been put forward by everyone : firstly , the transition from bilateral to multilateral level , i.e. supporting regional cooperation , which cannot be extended to the whole area , but also to groups , for example , to groups , for example , and the Maghreb .
It is a strong desire for a Europe which takes account of the fact that , in its present form , the European Union , in its present form , is the European Union - all the more painful past , and this is an excellent one , which is a new and essential model for cooperation of these countries .
Secondly , the Union also wants as a partner for peace negotiations .
Of course , the international situation will depend on whether this issue can be resolved .
I refer to this request before the European Parliament because it was very strongly expressed in my view , and it was expressly expressed with the explanatory statement that we are familiar with the fact that we are familiar with them on a daily basis .
I am very disciplined when it comes to the Mediterranean , not only because I was born there , but because I would remind you that together with the cooperation , peace , war , spirit , spirit of the spirit of the regions and cultures of this area will certainly depend on this area .
I would like to say that , as has already been done , the Spanish Presidency has already been set up , and we have discussed the Spanish Presidency - on a summit of the Mediterranean area which is supposed to take place next year by the Spanish Presidency .
It is therefore absolutely necessary to prepare for the work carried out in this year in order to prepare this policy .
I agree with what has been said about sustainable development .
However , I would like to reiterate that this is an extremely important area , but also an extremely difficult one .
We are often trying to reassure our conscience , whereas sustainable development means that we must take a very complex and difficult decisions which affect the industry , our daily lives , our daily lives , or the use of energy .
It is a challenge of great importance which we must not allow ourselves to be dismissed , but we must guard against a great deal of responsibility if we are not just - and I repeat - our conscience are trying to reassure us .
I also concern my concern of emigrate , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the appeal that some people have directed to me and that we should not delay enlargement .
I must say that we do not delay them .
The Swedish Presidency has given a strong and her encouragement ; Commissioner Verheugen wants to give a strong and her encouragement ; Commissioner Verheugen has a terrible chapter on the ground .
We are now looking at the critical stage of the major political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , structural policy , the very great and determined political wisdom of the process which is currently being carried out at the present time .
I have recently quoted Kofi Annan , and the enlargement process will be regarded as a very important message from the United Nations , indeed of all , as a matter of peace and civilisation .
We must resolve the specific problems , so that this message can really be summed up .
Finally , I would like to comment on the request made by a colleague , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not only here to make its views on these issues , but also to submit proposals to the effect that the request made by this House is to be carried out as an honour of the new building : of course your help , under your cooperation and also under your control .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
However , I would like to start with the next debate because , after the evening sitting , we are grateful for each minute after the evening sitting at 12 noon and for every minute which we can use .
restructurings and mergers in industry
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard to the Commission , on the Community initiatives concerning restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , this question is directed at the Commission .
A few months ago , our President , Mrs Fontaine , has expressed their concern about the disastrous effects of certain restructurings and mergers on social cohesion .
They call upon the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to regulate this balanced approach and to assessing its social impact , so that the necessary social measures can be implemented .
In this context Mrs Fontaine highlighted a very fundamental issue : how can the necessary flexibility of companies and the essential safety of employees together ?
Since Lisbon , restructuring has still increased .
You are now talking about three hundred mergers per year .
Every day , there is a new distribution of workers who , even though , in the sectors which , even though the old economy begins , begins , i.e. the key part of the economy , or in the areas of new water transmission systems .
The Nice Summit has set very positive signals in this respect .
The agreement reached over 30 years was reached on the statute of the European company , with its sub @-@ economic component , as well as the adoption of the social agenda , the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of workers in the Union .
With regard to this - I would like to call on the Commission , Commissioner , for the Commission , today , to express its views on these new political roles and to validate their proposals .
We will therefore give the Commission specific commitments .
First of all , we want to see a better downturn in the social consequences of restructuring .
How do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for working relations which was working at the Dublin Foundation and which was very close to this House ?
We want to ensure that the existing social directives are based on the basis of the assessment of their application as well as the new demands of restructuring .
We are still asking for you to propose the necessary changes to the necessary amendments , in particular the implementation of employees &apos; rights at consultation and information , in particular , measures to ensure that measures to be imposed are based on violations of violations of persons fleeing persecution and provide services with both sides of industry .
We are pleased to see that the Commission is already proposing to review the current directive on European Works Councils , not just as announced by the year 2002 , which was the result of this review after a few years , which is now the time .
We also call on you to review the directive on redundancies in order to check the necessary measures to prevent infringements of infringements of the victims .
We want to continue - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou does not totally reject this idea , and I am sure that Mrs Diamantopoulou is not completely opposed to the fact that the Commission &apos; s internal competition procedures are changing in order to take account of social aspects .
If a company in Brussels is not normal to vote in favour of a merger , the Commission will ensure that the minimum requirements laid down in Community law will be kept to information from information and consulting workers .
These are our demands , Commissioners , who have legitimate responsibility for the public , and let me say that it is economically useful to have an economic impact on the part of the workers , because it is a knowledge @-@ based economy for workers ?
The vote on this oral question was unanimously adopted in my committee , just as the resolution before us today was unanimous .
I must add that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has tabled another draft .
As we have the same mind as our liberal friends , which voted for the first resolution , and particularly the question of my committee , we have received a misunderstanding from our liberal friends .
No one should see a conflict ; we will be regulating this because we have done so far with the Liberals .
Ladies and gentlemen , Commissioners , we await your responses .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe must make the need for economic restructuring and their social consequences by making innovation and social cohesion more effective .
Our positive and proactive response to change is three important areas : improving our capacity , changes in Dublin and to manage the monitoring centre in Dublin in the event of restructuring in the event of restructuring , and the development of workers &apos; social protection systems , and the development of the social security systems .
The creation of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Council of Nice on the social basis adopted at the Nice Summit on the development of a promising approach .
I am extremely concerned about this issue when it comes to mergers and acquisitions .
The Dublin Foundation was included in its four @-@ year programme .
Faced with the limited resources of the Foundation for 2001 , the work programme for 2001 only provides for the creation of the centre of the Monitoring Centre .
This will create the foundations for further developing the Centre by 2002 , provided that additional funds are available .
The 1970s from the 1970s , which has been directives on mass redundancies and the transition to companies , were working and adopted in the light of full employment .
Since then , the world in the economy has changed radically .
The provisions of these directives are therefore no longer compatible with the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis is on promoting flexibility , teaching , employability and adaptability .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in existing regulations and the national systems of transport only have to be more effective if we are to take the stock and immediate strategic and strategic issues of a long @-@ term approach to the long @-@ term monitoring system in each company .
That is the aim of the Commission &apos; s proposal on information and consultation .
This general framework has only been adopted and fully implemented by the fact that the specific rules and the transition from companies are also reasonable , because it would be possible to prevent such crises in working relations in many cases .
However , if they are not to be prevented , then those who normally remained on the wayside would have to be able to put it back in good time and they would therefore be able to adapt to the changes in their employment conditions .
I know that you very much support this approach and to the Commission &apos; s satisfaction that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the stated political will of the Council , we should succeed in getting the proposal before the end of the year and would be a major step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils must be updated sooner or later .
However , we could have an evaluation of the extensive experience of the directive as extensive implementation of the directive .
However , a few more important measures have been created , which are also very close to us .
First of all , the dossier must be discussed on information and consultation .
At the end of last year &apos; s last year , there was an important and long @-@ term document , namely the statute of the European company .
This is because it is worth noting , because it is clear that a large number of powerful commercial companies in Europe will be able to decide for this new awareness @-@ of @-@ life network if they are to be accompanied by new economic and market conditions .
On the key characteristics of this statute , the fact that there are far @-@ reaching rules on the involvement of workers who comply with the approach to the end @-@ in @-@ life approach , as well as in the proposal for information and consultation at national level .
This will undoubtedly lead to greater integration of the social dimension in Europe .
The adoption of the documents to the European company has paved the way for five further proposals , and this relates to three key points for reorganising , Jordanian and , as well as the draft directives on civil mergers and the transfer of an advisory teams in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same type of rules as far as European preferences are concerned .
This is another reason why we should wait for the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which , incidentally , can only benefit from the debates on these other issues .
These debates will undoubtedly help us to make suitable solutions to the debate when we deal with this task .
I know that the House is in a position to inform the House information and consultation with mergers and acquisitions .
As you are aware of in the past , we are discussing how we can tackle these concerns better in the Commission .
According to the regulation on merger and representatives of workers , workers and employees in some cases have already been entitled to hearing the right to consultation with the provisions of the EC Treaty , which is in line with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have to make this presentation of an early warning .
We could also remember their responsibilities and obligations in relation to their responsibilities and obligations to the workers who are very often affected by these measures .
Since social cohesion is now one of the key priorities in Europe , the responsibility cannot be correct only by public service .
It is from the private sector that , as every other part of society too , they make their contribution .
The promotion of the social responsibility of companies is now an essential component of the European strategy for social cohesion .
The same applies to the social aspect if it is to be regulated and economically profitable and that its social responsibility will be fair .
The Commission &apos; s appeal to the Lisbon Summit led to the agenda of the Lisbon Summit in June 2000 and emphasises the importance of the Commission &apos; s agenda in terms of the social and economic consequences of the economic and economic consequences of the economy and the conditions for workers &apos; demands for the new economy .
She has announced a communication to promote the social responsibility of companies and to change change .
Furthermore , the Commission is planning to present a Green Paper on the development of a framework for the social responsibility of companies at European level this year .
I would like to conclude by saying that we only have the links between the various measures which I have mentioned and the contribution of public authorities , private organisations , workers , workers , workers and social partners at all levels .
Each individual is important and each individual requires a more rigorous and consistent approach to the decision @-@ makers .
I know that you share this view , and I thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to inform you that pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , I have received a motion for a resolution from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not exactly the time for such a debate .
I am very pleased with the Commissioner &apos; s reply .
In my opinion , it contains a number of people &apos; s thoughts , especially if we are still drawing attention to this - a number of interests in the interests of what we are seeking to achieve with this question .
Every restructuring is being discussed on whether our institutional structure is suitable for handling such cases .
This is also understandable .
The EU Treaty , specifically Article 136 , is also the job of the Union .
We must , of course , make a certain balance : one side ought to have the right to make companies aware of their commercial growth , thereby ensuring that the issue of structural growth in Europe is helping to cope with the problem of structural growth in Europe .
On the other hand , the moral obligation to listen to workers is a moral obligation .
In this respect , I would like to mention an example in Germany .
If it is true , it will be possible to settle much more quickly , if this is not the case .
We are talking about structural change with restructuring in other European countries which are currently taking place in other European countries where there is little difference .
That is why it is important to put an end to the agenda as soon as possible and to take an end to the agenda , preferably under the auspices of the Council .
That is what we want to do with the present question .
As far as the motion for a resolution is concerned , Mr Rocard has quite rightly emphasised that he has been tabled on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
Nevertheless , there are still a number of amendments to emphasise that it is important to emphasise how important it is to adopt it as much as possible .
Such a intention is implicitly contained in the resolution , but not so good as we would like it .
We therefore vote in favour of the resolution , on the subject of the changes which may , of course , be discussed by Thursday .
Mr President , Members of Parliament , on this side of the House , do not want to put an end to restructuring , but to ensure that they are socially disadvantaged .
We are trying to bring about a more flexible approach to economic restructuring and that .
We are in the process of drawing up a social basis , but it can only be a reality if we have a clear and full legal framework in this area .
We have a real partnership and the advantages of the European Union .
But the recent recent crisis in the United Kingdom and throughout the European Union shows that we are still far removed .
Frankly , in the case of the workers in the north and Wales , workers in France and in Wales , workers in France and Holland are the idea of a more general social responsibility , as I have already said , as I have already said .
The promise of a Green Paper in mid @-@ term is not an adequate response to the desperation of these workers , their families and entire communities .
We demand a revision of the legislation on collective redundancies and the transition from companies to European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils , so that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
We also need to adopt the overall framework of the overall framework on consultation and informing workers .
Only in this way can inform and hearing a genuine partnership , to build a partnership which can contribute to improving innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We are looking for a genuine partnership .
We are sorry to see a directive from the other dependent on the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be reviewed if more practical experiences are available and the statute of the European Nuclear Installation Authority .
Yes , there must be links , but we must adopt this package now and find a holistic approach to the improvement of information and informing the workers .
In our opinion , we would be able to update the framework directive in this way , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , to reach a proactive approach to industrial change in the European Union .
I should like to appeal at this point to appeal to the Liberal Group .
The House asked us in January to examine the problem of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done that .
We have tabled an oral question and tabled a motion for a resolution .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party in precisely this spirit of cooperation to withdraw its extremely unrealistic motion .
That would be useful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes do you not have the impression that this Parliament is getting bogged down in its minds ?
Only a year ago , we held the same debate on 17 February .
This is not so worrying , and this is not the case , we were discussing this issue on 27 October 1999 .
What does Europe need ?
A year ago , in Lisbon , the Union agreed that the Union should become a competitive area , and this Parliament has supported this objective with an overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , Thursday , we are holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , innovation and education .
And , more than ever , the proper competitiveness of companies is the real competitiveness of companies , because if a company is not competitive .
From this point of view , it is often inevitable that restructuring and sometimes painful measures must take place , as is the case , as well as the workers &apos; workers , and the workers &apos; workers .
Obviously , the rights of workers have to be safeguarded in the various EU directives .
You will understand that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party cannot agree with Mr Rocard &apos; s question and , as it demonstrates , the resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , as it demonstrates once again that the European Parliament has a selective memory .
In fact , the joint resolution will only talk about the agenda of the Nice agenda , in fact only by the Nice Council .
That is why we will submit some amendments in the spirit of Lisbon .
A e @-@ mail does not give him a direct answer to Mr Rocard , but he is quite mistaken .
However , we will withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , in view of the recent examples of restructuring , we are unfortunately unable to implement this issue at a better time .
As has already been mentioned , a classic example of a company is denying a classic example of a company which is responsible for its decisions , and that it has not been wasted to the disastrous social effects of its actions .
A total of 6 000 jobs in the UK have been announced , almost 3 000 jobs in the UK .
Despite indecent , the company was not prepared to be prepared to inform the government of the official sitting on 1 February on 1 February .
A formal hearing of employees did not take place , although the company has announced a so @-@ called &quot; hearing &quot; .
According to the speculation , Danone , a perfectly respectable company , in Europe , is generating 3 000 jobs .
Even here , neither those who have been involved have not been heard about alternative solutions .
For this reason , in view of the adoption of the directive on informing and consulting workers , and the revision of the directive on European Works Councils and the directive on collective redundancies , which , in my own country , little little protection has been identified in my own country .
We cannot allow companies to deal with the lives of people and communities .
We have a final framework of measures and sanctions that we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , in the light of mergers and restructuring in industry , which lead to thousands of jobs , many workers and citizens of Europe are in favour of Civil competition and even because of the rules of free competition for part of the public .
It is high time that the workers need to pay for workers .
There is no contradiction between the Council and the Commission marked the priority of employment and the high level of employment in large companies who profit from the same beneficiaries .
Michelin , telephone , telephone , ABB , ABB @-@ Alsthom .
They are competitive because they can achieve more than sufficient profits , but creating thousands of posts .
The Danone case is 10 : 3 000 people in Europe , 1 700 in France .
In 2000 , the European films made in the year 2000 constitute a figure of EUR 429 million more than 1999 .
They can keep up new mergers , women and men in the workplace , and the whole families of women are dying to face and despair at all .
The citizenship we are so often talking about in this society will remain a mere formality , as long as workers are involved , their future , their own region and their country , will not really be heard .
How can we accept that companies which do not comply with the public insurance system which does not comply with the commitments made ?
This aid must be seen in such cases to the community , which must pay attention to the social implications for the social profitability of the financial profitability .
I do not think that the problem cannot be confined to employability and adaptability and not simply to deal with the social consequences , as the Commissioner has done .
That is why I supported the proposals contained in the resolution and the amendments to clarify and strengthen certain aspects .
More action is required in order to meet the democratic requirements of employees and citizens .
I believe that the extension to the implementation of these rights should be extended to the possibility of suspension of planned redundancies and the end of the ongoing discussion .
Any sub @-@ contractors must include social clauses .
Similarly , sanctions must be provided for non @-@ compliance with these directives .
At a time when much of the European identity and the appropriateness of its development , I believe that a text which deals with the number of workers &apos; rights to the financial interests , seems to me to be a less effective one .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution which , I hope , will be added to a number of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
The debate is suspended at this time ; it will resume at 3 p.m. .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report without debate ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the effects of the Commission on the effects of the transitional period , which was granted to the United Kingdom for the implementation of a number of provisions on the part of Directive 94 / 33 / CE ( COM 2000 ) - C5 @-@ PP / 2002 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for waiver of the immunity of Mr José e Castro ( 2000 / 2046 ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2000 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the common position of the Council ( C5 @-@ 0211 / 2000 ) by the Council and Council of Europe , on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( Rapporteur ) .
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and the Council , for example , to lay down rules and embarkation conferences ( COM 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 0121 ( COD ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2001 ( COD )
Before the vote on Amendment No 174 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters have translated the oral amendment to the vote .
However , the list of votes &quot; .
&quot; expertise &quot; is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Motion for a regulation by the European Parliament and the Council on maritime safety and to amend the regulations on maritime safety by ships ( COM 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0268 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COD ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0268 / 2000 ( COD ) &#93;
1 January 1999 , the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive to amend the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( COM 2000 ) - C5 @-@ governmental / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COD ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a Council regulation in the Irish Sea ( ICES ) - C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 - 2000 / 2046 ( CNS ) - 2000 / 2046 ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- VOTE- Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify the European aid , the rapporteur would like to make a difficult contribution to the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and security programmes , and to ensure that the programmes required in this region are to be taken into account , but it is important to raise the serious responsibility of the powers of the powers , such as France and the United States .
If it were a simple , confused state of affairs of Europeans , it would , of course , be our assent to ignoring and destroy the two countries without any compensation .
That is why we abstained from these reports .
Dover report ( A5 @-@ 0193 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom has been able to obtain a derogation for the implementation of working hours and the night work of young people &apos; s work .
The Commission and the report propose to end this derogation .
We could have been pleased to see the United Kingdom now applying regulations which give young people more protection in the world of employment .
But in reality , the complete agreement between Conservative and Labour , Liberal and Social Democrats on the end of this transitional period has been sufficient to ensure that the flexibility necessary is sufficient to ensure that the flexibility necessary is sufficient and that this does not mean that this is not the detriment of employment for young people .
This is demonstrated by the fact that this regulation of the European institutions cannot be evaded , but that even their use of young people is not protected by the window of consumer protection .
We have therefore voted against this report .
- ( FR ) Unfortunately , the situation of young people who are adopting this resolution will hardly improve the situation .
Because it is simply because of the British derogation of the British derogation ( the United Kingdom &apos; s scandal to reduce the work of children and young people , not fully to the needs of the youth of young workers .
On the contrary , this debate should have had to be able to change a change of change to all the derogations in order to remove all the derogations .
It is therefore quite justified in any way that the young people of 14 or even 13 years of work ( Article 8 ( 2b ) of the Union ) should be added to their school commitments ( cf ) or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) , or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Nor is it sufficiently justified that the derogation , according to which young people under the age of 18 are more than 40 % per week , more than 8 per week , more than 8 litres per week , and even at night ( even paragraph 9 ) .
It is not justified by any means that there are no restrictions in private or work on a family @-@ 2 basis ( Article 2 ( 2 ) .
It is not to condemn child labour in Asia or Africa if we protect our young people from economic exploitation and work at work , which is damaging to health , safety and development , and not accepted by entrepreneurs .
- I support Mr Dover &apos; s report , which seeks to improve the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report argues that the United Kingdom is complying with the provisions of a directive from 1994 to eight hours per day on eight hours and 40 hours per week . However , it would be possible to ban night hours and for certain types of employment , despite certain conditions and for certain types of employment .
Employment and , in particular , for young people , employment is essential for our young people and our economy .
We must do nothing to harm the employment prospects of young people in Britain .
There are , however , employers who are doing their young workers , but they do not do so without any more obvious reason .
A great deal of risks and difficult working conditions are causing very great risks and is harmful to the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore crucial that working hours will be monitored and employers are prevented from the exploitation of young people .
exploitation is harmful and irresponsible .
We must be forced to stop them and protect our young people from exploiting and starving employers from exploiting their employers .
There are already legislation for reducing working time for young people .
We need to ensure that they are complied with .
The sensible measures which the Commission has proposed should help .
In my opinion , it does not seem ironic that those who are constantly opposed to the interference of Brussels bureaucrats and refused this regulation to support social policy .
This makes it clear once more that it makes a clear attitude towards Europe .
The Labour Government represents whole power to create jobs for young people and for measures to protect employment .
I strongly urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and to vote in favour of this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report on the promotion of railway infrastructure in Europe , because a European rail system is an important one for the Union .
Before coming to Strasbourg , I have been able to vote in favour of a number of pensioners who are working on this report under the chairmanship of Mr Hatzidakis , and I said in this context : &quot; We want to travel through the train by Europe and we want to travel .
That is why we want to see a textile , Vietnam , restaurants and supporters .
The Union can and must also grant us this .
Mr Hatzidakis will certainly allow this . &quot;
.
An important step towards a trans @-@ European rail network is the overriding edge of the different railway companies which apply to the various railway companies .
Another important step is to create a marketing system and the removal of studios in the less favoured or remote regions .
The development of these regions also means that these regions will be able to join the internal market and to benefit from them .
( FR ) I welcome the rapporteur &apos; s report on the interoperability of the railway system , which is determined by amendments to the Council &apos; s common position , because this common position contains 33 amendments for first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of European transport is necessarily the promotion of the railway sector .
As has already been pointed out , the European Union is still dependent on investments made in the Union by rail , as well as the national circumstances .
It is clear that , despite the many advantages of this , national differences in maritime transport are a major obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a substantial increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union , but , in particular , at the same time , it is on the road road .
There is a great many causes for the decline in rail , among other things , the fact that this is based on national aspects .
There is no single market at Community level for railway services .
Moreover , the railway systems do not always meet the new forms of organisation of economic activity and the urbanisation and the urbanisation of the economy and not the changes that exist .
Apart from this , it is clear that the future of European transport is in any way linked to the rapid cancellation of the railway sector .
When I note that , because I am convinced that the railways have a central role in the solution to the solution which the European Union takes .
European citizens are suffering from pollution , traffic congestion and traffic congestion , resulting from the excessive dependence on road transport which has increased over the last 30 years .
The objective of sustainable mobility is therefore closely linked to the railways .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has managed to implement amendments which aim to ensure better social provisions , such as professional qualifications and conditions for transport and safety .
Certain sensitive points have also been taken by the Council , and this applies to the protection of the existing railway system , the adoption of a derogation or the definition of specific cases of the situations of those countries which are decreasing from the Community &apos; s side , or in terms of the differences in the gauge .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic , because it contains a proactive programme and take account of the problems associated with the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
We voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail network must be promoted .
At present , it has to be re @-@ established and re @-@ established .
At the same time , we need to transfer more freight to the railways in order to liberate the roads .
But , behind the rapporteur &apos; s endeavours on the revitalisation of the railways , the spectre of liberalisation is the spectre of liberalisation , as the report also aims to ensure opening up transport and transport systems as a whole .
We have strong reservations about this because we reject liberalisation in principle .
- ( FR ) It is true that , if we really need to find a balance between road values , railway infrastructures must be harmonised in Europe .
On this point I can only agree with the rapporteur .
In addition , I believe that the inclusion of social standards , professional qualifications and the conditions for transport and safety in the run @-@ up to the construction of a trans @-@ European rail network would be self @-@ evident .
However , in my opinion , it is important to ensure that harmonisation on the basis of the topical and social terms is based on the basis of the needs of the users and employees of this sector .
There is , however , a dangerous uncertainty : what framework should the interoperability of the railway networks be created ?
In the context of coordinated public services , in the context of coordinated public services , a proper qualified jobs and security of the market ?
The recent adoption of the three directives made recently by Parliament and the Council does suggest that Europe is the future of the trans @-@ European rail transport network in this second perspective .
Van Dam Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what makes it possible to vote for the Van Dam &apos; s report on safe times and unloading facilities ?
In this case , I was advised by Mr Fatuzzo .
I say &apos; Jesuitical &apos; because , as you do not know , I would have liked to have been tempted to do so , and I would perhaps have liked to have been forced into the sea .
My colleague , Mr Fatuzzo , who was not , but could have been able to have said , but he could have told me : &quot; look at the sea for years at sea .
While I read this report , I should like to read , Mr Fatuzzo , but I must tell you , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as a Member of the Member States that , in my opinion , the vessels are left to old .
Even the old and no more polluting ships should be released in retirement , then the sea will be safer . &quot;
Now I do not know whether I want to thank the honourable Member or Mr Fatuzzo .
- ( FR ) In addition to the terrible use of the short @-@ term chocolate cases , others are in a deplorable position .
This may perhaps be less dramatic than in the case of Christmas , but it is tragic when it comes to the fact that , in the last 10 years , Juan 146 was lost in the last ten years .
Our vote in favour of the report has voted in favour of the specific measures to strengthen the safety of road safety and flight flight .
However , we would like to emphasise the contradiction between the concerns expressed in relation to safety and the risks associated with the risks raised in the report .
When attempts are to be paid to the profits of the profit motive and of road users , then safety will inevitably remain the road .
It is a good thing that the captain will have the possibility of banning the possibility of preventing or ended up the possibility of the occupation or the ship .
However , it would be hard to deny that the laws of competition and the market ( including the labour market ( including the labour market ) in the light of the fact that the theoretical purchase of the stock Board is not anti @-@ competitive , is simply a matter of great importance , in order to enforce dangerous or sometimes polluting working conditions in port .
- ( FR ) In ten years &apos; time , almost 150 litres were lost , and 800 people have died .
This is the disastrous record @-@ dominated sector of a competitive sector and the present world sector .
Like the rapporteur , I agree that the physical state and lack of training for passengers are the main reason for these disasters .
First and foremost , it must be tackled at the control of ships and flight times and their working conditions and their health and living conditions .
I therefore support all the binding measures to strengthen safety standards , water protection , and the responsibility of ports and drivers .
However , the staff and financial conditions are also being created in order to ensure the legal provisions in the Member States , particularly by increasing the number of payments .
Furthermore , the fight against the recognition of the fleet in the maritime world and impunity must lead to greater responsibility by means of the possibility of legal and financial sanctions .
I shall vote in favour of all proposals which are heading in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Needless to say , I was unable to vote in favour of this report by Mr Bakopoulos on the sea , on the establishment of the Committee on Civil Safety , Transport and Tourism .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I have been faced with a period of nine years when I was 21 years old , since I was working on the ground from the New York sitting in New York , which I mentioned earlier on a previous occasion .
I said that this man called for this man &apos; s imprisonment , who has meanwhile been informed : &quot; your concern is in the European Parliament with safety at sea and with the prevention of marine pollution ?
It is a good thing , but do you tell us about the safety of us ? &quot;
Yes , &apos; yes &apos; , I said .
&quot; It is good that there are reports which deal with the laws of the Basle Convention .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to set up a Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is another step in the direction of a re @-@ nationalisation of the Community &apos; s common policy in the field of safety , but also new possibilities for improving the application of the application of Community application at Community and international level .
However , the recent accidents caused by the Erika and the tourist scandal have taught us that the best resolutions have nothing to do if the conditions for enforcing their application and enforcement are not acceptable .
That is why the Member States must be forced to apply existing legislation , particularly those in the field of marine pollution , monitoring training and working conditions for traders and working conditions .
These improvements are needed in terms of the number and quality of inspection and of the quality of staff , but also to ensure greater financial responsibility among all operators , fish , managers and classification societies .
I voted in favour of this report in order to adjust the perpetrators and omissions prevalent in the area .
Nicholson report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , Mr Fatuzzo , I would like to apologise for the &quot; untreated &quot; , i.e. cod .
I shall leave the interpreters at this time , which is an important and definite justification for the other languages .
Today , 13 February , and tomorrow is the day @-@ day day .
We must be careful to use the European Parliament &apos; s ability to take the right time , but a directive on the cessation of the Irish Sea is a day from the day when it comes to the end of the Irish Sea , on 14 February &apos; s Day , the collector &apos; s Day and 30 April , to allow the bulk of these nomads .
With regard to the conservation of fish and in particular , the European Parliament has done a good job .
There is an initial reference to the oil industry and the telephones !
And on the other hand !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
Company and mergers in industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Community initiatives relating to restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been a major step towards the way in which the European Union &apos; s preparation is taken on the road to the European Union &apos; s business , Mr De Aznar , and I would like to pick up by Mr Méndez de Aznar , who was represented by the President of the Spanish government , José María Aznar .
I believe that I would like to see Europeans .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the major challenge and the great chance to be lost .
However , this structure is being built at a fixed time , under certain economic , social and political terms .
The Lisbon Summit decided to liberalise the markets for telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of general globalisation and the viability of the industrial and labour market .
And that is what we can ask .
The social agenda adopted at this meeting , both Nice and the social agenda at this meeting , highlights the need to integrate workers into the management and flexibility of economic growth and economic growth .
This is why , for example , the importance of globalisation is the importance of a number of businesses in certain regions and regions , for example , where I myself come from in Galicia , where they are the only ones and the most important one , and where the risk of globalisation is the only one and the most important cause of globalisation .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and a healthy society must not be fully divided in opposition .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring must be considered in the broadest sense of the word , which is inevitable and inevitable , to take account of the social consequences of this restructuring , because the economic policy and economic measures of the Community must be a source of high employment activities .
Fourthly and lastly , the Community &apos; s Community aid must be linked to the Community &apos; s national aid and , so on , the commitment to the long @-@ term establishment of employment and local development .
These four points are only covered by some of the recitals or considerations , the Commission and the Council in relation to industrial restructuring .
It is , of course , about the participation of the people &apos; s self @-@ awareness and representatives of justice .
Globalisation , Mr President , reduces economic disparities .
We must ensure that they do not increase social differences .
Mr President , Commissioner , there is a lack of restructuring , because not anticipated restructuring of the industry , which will be leading to concentration in forest @-@ based behaviour .
There has been a great deal of detail about technological backwardness and the distribution of water , but never their social impact .
We know how much they have contributed to the impoverishment of the people and regions ?
How and what about what is the price of those who really can achieve this ?
How , and how much do they involve long @-@ term unemployment over forty years old ?
How , and in what extent , do they mean that the real level of growth within the European Union is between cross @-@ border and five years ?
The Lisbon decisions should be given to these points by the priorities set out in the field of employment , the sustainability of social protection and the fight against social exclusion and the precautionary principle .
We do not know how much it helps to increase the cost of social security , and we are also aware of how many other people will depend on the flow of labour .
Who paid for the social restructuring ?
The market or employees and employees ?
Information and a fair and balanced change are impossible .
The social partners say no , and they even have signed a document on the implementation of the guiding principle of European society in terms of information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have already heard that the market is not a bad follows and that political forces must intervene with legislation , institutional measures and social dialogue .
Full insecurity and increased crime are created in society by means of both traditional sectors and the so @-@ called new economy .
The Portuguese Presidency , French and , now , the Swedish Presidency of the European Union have expected the expectations to date .
However , the implementation of the Commission &apos; s programme is not clear .
Mr President , nothing justifies the need to maintain large companies on mergers or restructuring in the streets , while a small part of their profit was expected to maintain their workforce .
The total self @-@ racial , the Danone , Michelin , oyster @-@ t , grew up and associates with the workers who are fighting for unemployment , and also the regions which are often more progressive in terms of unemployment , which is often the most progressive nature of these companies .
We are opposed to the political bias of this House and elsewhere in this House .
In this way , it only shows that the interests of society do not represent the interests of society ; they only represent the economy of industrial industry and owners and shareholders .
But we are also opposed to those who indulge in the social consequences of this restructuring , but not to propose the slightest binding measure .
In addition to any wage @-@ type ban in large companies , the profits are only a talk of talk .
We recognise the employees of these companies who fight them against them , our full solidarity .
They have the right of the jungle , in which only the law of the jungle is right .
Mr President , this morning , Mrs Plooij @-@ van Gorsel has expressed their surprise and concern about her concern that we often address this problem in Parliament and asked why we continue to do so .
Community legislation is insufficient , and in many cases it will not be applied or applied in many cases .
As some of my colleagues have done , we could have a long list of those cases which have been raised in the past couple of years .
In Lisbon , the European Council has set itself an objective to encourage greater and better employment activities .
What can the objective of a competitive Union be achieved with more and better jobs ?
There is undoubtedly a need for better coordination and balance between the various policies of the Union , but there is no doubt that the relevant Community legislation must be effective and stricter .
We cannot , therefore , wait for any longer - and in this sense , the Commission must take its responsibilities - that a review of the directives will be carried out on the creation of a European monitoring agency or the transition to companies without explicitly effective sanctions for their failure to comply with their failure .
The European Parliament cannot continue to do such a stance .
Mr President , on 2 February , a fifth of the workers &apos; shot was allowed to be a fifth of the workers &apos; shot in the tourist industry .
Then it was read : &quot; locuto in the final vote &quot; .
The Marketing d &apos; état - a shame - I am sorry to say that I did not think it was even more serious : on the front side of a propaganda campaign from Wales and in the district of district , a deception that has risen from the profits made by Wales and in the district of the tourist industry .
It is a day @-@ to @-@ day news .
That brings us to the fundamental question : what do we actually insist on here today ?
Are businesses only dependent on profits or see their mandate in a consistent framework ?
In the Netherlands , Economic and Monetary Affairs have just two major opinions expressed in the Netherlands , once again with the title of the title of the title &apos; Armata &apos; and to make decisions on their own territory and to take refuge in companies .
The Economic and Monetary Affairs Code is expressly intended to make a special contribution to a company as a result of a number of protagonists in general , and that is why the average return for the shareholders , which is , of course , is a source of the return to the shareholders , which appears to be an increase in the number of restructuring of the last few years .
In the debate at European level , I find this more complex perspective and a more complex debate .
The European Parliament presents the problem again today , but it should also be integrated into other policies of the Union .
In my opinion , there is a lack of coherence and coherence .
I have two examples .
Where the latter is concerned , it is quite a unilateral case of the shareholders of the shareholders .
For example , this has shown that , for example , the debate on the 13 directive has clearly rejected the amendments of the European Parliament .
Another example is competition policy .
Commissioner Monti , in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , made quite clear in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs to understand that it will not be dealt solely with the aspect of the markets and consumers based on such a wider vision .
A Green Paper on nuclear boxes , as was announced this morning , is not enough .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that a project is developed in more integrated terms which will also affect individual policies .
newspapers may be allowed to adjust a certain public profile , but not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as has already been said by honourable Members , a number of directives have been adopted in times of time and the changes started .
So we need more administrative and changes to certain points of the institutional framework .
However , the Commission &apos; s efforts to establish a balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Often restructuring , mergers or acquisitions are truly tragic .
We had to see just recently that , in a month , more than 5 000 jobs have been lost within a month .
However , if we look at the whole of the world , the environment in which the European companies are developing , we must also bear in mind the negative effects on which the European companies are not actively involved in restructuring and restructuring .
And we have to see how many jobs are going to remain , because if there were no restructuring there would be a risk that certain industries will not disappear in the future .
In this very difficult environment , our efforts to combine social cohesion and competitiveness are to be combined with four points .
The first point is speed .
The presentation of this morning &apos; s contribution to the Dublin Foundation , which we are trying to look at , hinders changes , rethink and delay .
The second point is the legislative and institutional framework .
This year , the legislative framework of the legislative framework , together with the five following directives , and the five following directives which have made the institutional framework for this Statute , was also in the Council &apos; s information and consultation directive after years of discussions between Parliament and the Commission , where we were able to reach a majority in four months .
We are convinced that there will be important progress in the legislative framework of the Swedish Presidency and the Belgian Presidency .
In this regard , however , it is important to say that the legislation is not sufficient , and that is why it has also made great efforts to strengthen controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti , we are looking at all mergers and acquisitions to check the strict application of the documents in question .
This institutional framework has recently been formed in this institutional framework which , among other things , includes social dialogue and the role of a more flexible way of mergers and restructuring .
The third point is the specific policies .
The employment strategy and the development of funds by the Social Fund and the financing of the Social Fund provide the problem of reducing workers &apos; involvement in the labour market , with specific structures to promote their workforce in the labour market or with assistance to their own businesses .
The fourth point is the role of companies with its social responsibility and is one of the new fundamental aspects of the social agenda .
We demand the change of workers , labour mobility in a new environment , training and mobility , and we cannot demand just the workers &apos; workers .
Therefore , in this new environment , businesses are facing a new role , and we are trying to make the social responsibilities of companies more specific .
This is a matter of responsibility for restructuring , but also for their responsibilities in the environment and in society where they are going to be a second step .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present directive deals with copyright and related safeguards in the information society .
This is an important , difficult directive .
At second reading , Parliament called upon Parliament to express its opinion on the position of the Council , which you will remember , 18 months after the adoption of the first reading .
This is the very difficult and delicate compromise that was given to all the interests of the directive .
I saw this compromise as a step forward , as many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading .
However , some aspects have had to be improved , which I have tried with the report .
Despite the adoption of certain compromise groups in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there are still differences in the article concerning technical transposition , the so @-@ called bird period , and on private permitted exemptions .
Many amendments have been tabled which I did not share .
The reason why the compromise reached by the committee on private maternity leave is an important innovation for the support of the authors , and this is why I am quoting that , by means of a natural person , the right to private use is , and I quote , &quot; by means of a natural person , not directly for direct or indirect commercial purposes .
This amendment seeks to establish a new principle in Community legislation whereby the concept of private duplication to benefit will be limited to the advantage of the general interests of the consumer .
Through this amendment , the amendment adopted by the committee is piracy under the nicotine distribution of livestock stocks , as oily slime , and the exchange rate cannot be made , and the exchange of confidential works between ICES users will no longer be spent .
I believe that this is a step forward towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect is concerned , technical room for manoeuvre , i.e. technical room for manoeuvre , are more than sufficient to protect both the defence and consumer protection .
All the amendments tabled on this issue - Article 5 ( 1 ) , may be tabled in spite of the fact that , in spite of the fact that they are intended to protect copyright , it will not be taken into account because they are not affected by this directive .
In addition to this , these amendments seek to introduce a system of recuperation of works on the Internet , in other words , approval for the design and establishment of the networks , which would hinder the operation of the networks .
All in all , we have said in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that it is possible to adopt a broad consensus and to improve the common position in a way which prevents the risk of a long @-@ term conciliation procedure ; and this is all three years after the debate , conflict and debate .
This is an opportunity for the European Parliament to take this opportunity , if the Committee on Legal Affairs , the Internal Market , has supported the agreement and that the result of a broad compromise has finally been adopted by several groups .
This is not just for the European Union which has been waiting for a time for this sector , which has long been waiting for a time for this area , and , above all , for the benefit of fish .
After all , it is not only possible for the directive to come before the directive , but , in particular , the provision of Article 2 to be included in the new digital sector , in principle , in principle , in principle , in the new digital sector .
For all these reasons , and I hope that we will finally be able to adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , I have to say that I am in a position to give an interest in this matter .
On the one hand , I am the author of a few books , which practise a number of books , intellectual property rights and , secondly , I am a member of the Internet Foundation in this Parliament .
This day is an important event in connection with copyright in the information society , which is beneath us in the case of the Court of Justice , which is beneath us at the moment , the unfortunate question of the use of the Internet for the violation of copyright rights .
The right of intellectual property rights confirms the right to intellectual property and includes special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We must also be able to create a system of intellectual property law in Europe , because otherwise we could be able to establish effective safeguard measures in Europe which are currently being taken into account in Europe for a little more than two years now .
We are behind the United States in comparison with the United States and , in this sense , I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be rapid .
It is the concern of the Socialist Group that the child will not be treated with the bathwater .
We have tabled two of our amendments in our view .
First of all , the amendment refers to the proposed rules .
It is true that the traditional right of every person to become an intellectual property , an intellectual property , must now be dealt with in the information society , which is very simple in the information society .
This amendment is that those responsible for those who are responsible for those who are responsible , otherwise we will run the risk of bringing the bulk of the pictures for the individuals of other people to private individuals than those who are responsible for transport .
Another very important amendment concerns the limited and additional nature of the regeneration .
If the process of proceedings for the information society is to provide a copy of additional and more administrative nature , then this temporary nature should be a good one .
It is not up to us to create an enormous libraries with supranational property so that the person who used to take advantage of this property at a given time .
We believe that the inclusion of the demands of the demands of the rules of applicability and additionality is essential for the preservation of intellectual property .
I hope that the various groups will be able to provide a number of and alternatives which will guarantee the protection of intellectual property in the information society tomorrow . In some years , intellectual property will probably only be included in the large telecommunications systems of telecommunications .
Mr President , first of all , congratulations for Mr Liikanen and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject which has had to be extremely careful , and I think it was possible to produce a somewhat more balanced text , and I think it was possible to produce a somewhat more balanced text .
I should also like to address this issue , and perhaps we should look at this issue as a Parliament - in order to act in the short time of my membership , which I have seen in the short time of my membership of my country .
If I were to have been told then , if there were 300 members of this report , I would like to see a half of someone who took up a person , and I am sure they are allowed to do so .
It would be useful if the common position were to be adopted by Mr Méndez tomorrow .
There are still some Member States in the position of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , as I understand it , and that is certainly a good one .
A number of other points have already been mentioned by Mr Medina and Mr Medina .
I have to look at whether or not it is sufficient to finance the electoral system , because I am still in favour of reading - as I am in favour - in the case of intellectual property .
I have to see whether it is still possible to make a copy of the fact that there is a copy of a super @-@ tax offensive which can be used by all those students in private .
I doubt that , because this is the case , in fact , in the right direction .
So I am in favour of restricting private use for private purposes .
I also have concerns about the technical measures which have been introduced by the Member States .
I fear that this will lead to distortions in the internal market , and ultimately the Court of Justice will have to decide on the matter again .
I still have problems in the present form in its present form .
In my opinion , this is only a link with the directive on e @-@ commerce and I hope that the Commissioner will come back to this issue again .
Finally , on behalf of the ELDR Group , I hope that , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , on the basis of a balanced balance and a fair balance between all the actors and all those involved , digital copy should be a chance and not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the positive colleagues who have worked constructively together , all the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Wilson .
There are many problems , many of them still remain intact .
We cannot simply harmonise cultural traditions .
No one will be happy to make a compromise and the European Parliament is not making any headway .
We are talking about a common position .
There is a balance between whom between the Union and the public .
First and foremost , I think that the authors of the Greens must be strengthened .
He must serve this .
Its position must be strengthened for future enlargement .
Firstly , my responsibility as a whole is to allow and ensure that this type of misuse of water leads to and to ensure that the public is not just a free choice , but also to guarantee that quality of high quality content should be provided in their diversity .
We are opposed to extending the transitional period , and perhaps we may perhaps be able to find a number of points which are still contentious among the parties , because we are also keen to find a successful solution which we can all live .
I should like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens have limited amendments to amendments which are trying to do so , and that is the two Amendments Nos 34 and 36 - perhaps you would say that it would be a anticipation of future treaties .
Well , I would now like to say to say that there are very many people who are in favour of the text , which is not the case for the perpetrators , but the other types of transport .
And the evidence has already been made : Europe should have a stabilising effect , or not , and then there would be a tendency to enter into a discussion on the table between service service , producers , tobacco and consumers .
However , I do not want to see the Napster of a copyright copyright by means of an ambiguous wording of his way to Europe .
This is also an opportunity for us to debate .
In the same way , I hope that we will be able to discuss this issue in the future , and I hope that we will soon be able to discuss the possibility of setting up a procedure for contracts , together with a possibility for treaties .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if I come to the directive on harmonising certain aspects of copyright , which is mainly a list of derogations , I will come to the end of the day : it is simply in favour of maintaining the environmental protection of the confusion in order to consider this issue .
The definitions of this directive are starting to start with three pages : the authors and the authors ; the consumer , who are also users , is , and the producers and the producers concerned .
Producers and Tunisians seek to take place between the two other countries and , in essence , the directive presents a list with which the Legal Affairs Committee still has a very difficult bearing on radio .
I have the impression that the consumer is favoured here .
But what can he use ?
I ask you what we will be using in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend our entrepreneurial entrepreneurial enterprise .
This is the question we can ask .
In addition to my work as a Member of the House , I am also sceptical of the quality of libraries and the teaching of libraries .
In both cases , however , certain rules and safety agreements , but not need to be able to produce insecurity .
If I am not mistaken , I am surprised that our Parliament , which defends the Europe of the markets , will ultimately defend the Europe of the markets , because this list of exceptions does not want to pay for the goods to make it free of charge .
You will admit that this is amazing .
There is also no question of production in the production of these goods , but the authors who carry the authors are also required .
If the authors are no longer aware , I do not know what you want or eat , but , in any case , the Europe of the markets will not be good .
That is for the markets .
If you look at the directive more closely with the directive , it is clear that , for example , what happened before an hour has already been spent a hour ago , then what was written earlier on television .
It is amazing for someone who is involved in history , but it is amazing if this is a matter of urgency .
What do you intend to do if we are to do what we are doing is to ensure that the culture of culture , cultural diversity means that culture , cultural diversity , whose cultural diversity , which is really dependent on documents and exhortations , is limited to living in medicines and exhortations ?
To this end , whether or not we want to support it .
And the protection of the cure must be strengthened , but it must not be criticised and attacked .
This is what my group wants to defend during the vote tomorrow .
Mr President , the issue of copyright and the information society , which is the only one in fact , is indicative of the increased overlap of a Community system , whose only destination is the complete driving force for a market which is not a product , not a service , a service .
While the damage to this system is obvious , it is clear that harmonisation offers a lower level of protection than the Member States - and I am making examples of them - the Commission and the Council to make all the cultural services of the goods , as Mrs Fraisse has just explained so clearly .
It is absolutely absurd that the institutions of this European Union are at the moment , in the right direction , to become a more competitive and competitive globalisation .
That is why we are trying to halt this process to a number of parties in this Parliament which are blocking the European idea of its content and its objective .
We will reject the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs because , as Mrs Fraisse quite rightly pointed out , the traditions of the European identity package have so far been contrary to the diversity of European works and the special role of authors , the liberation and persistence of European civilisation .
The information society is only a pretext for making use of the sacrosanct , sacrosanct property , intellectual property and intellectual property .
Mr President , there is no copyright in the way of two interests , the interests of the authors , the producers , the production of the producers , and the interests of the consumer .
It could be said that the interests of the consumer are a social interest in ensuring that knowledge and cultural training are organisers of all the virtues , rather than making it viable and financial interests .
Of course , and they must be given an adequate economic return , and they must be given a proper economic yield , but I have two crucial points .
One is to ensure public interest in the way of public interest and culture .
Denmark - the country , which I come from now - has developed very well , which must not be affected .
The second point is that the systems of transmission and sanctions , which are also developed in the legal cultures of the various countries , must not be affected by the systems .
There is a special system in which we have a special system and I do not believe that it will suffer .
I should like to say that I am rarely in a position to witness this proposal to this proposal , and this is not surprising .
It is about billions of candidates and euros in a system and a sector which is primarily dominated by the American business industry , but it is our duty to do our job .
In addition , the fact that the most critical legal questions are being dealt with in copyright is almost incomprehensible .
I cannot imagine that more than just a few per cent of this House will have any idea of how far the problem is in reality .
It is in this context that it is interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would like to commend my group to vote in favour .
Mr President , as the first speaker of my group , I would like to express my appreciation to the rapporteur on behalf of all my fellow Members who cooperate closely with him .
We welcome the determination to defend this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we will be able to present the compromise tabled by our committee , the right time to present the correct directive .
No one is claiming that it is totally .
This should be emphasised .
It was very difficult to find common ground in view of different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where there are countries where taxation and tropical components are concerned .
We support the aim of this directive , because we are dealing primarily with new creative assets to use this new technology .
This directive makes it easier and profitable .
You guarantees that they can create new works and provide fair pay for this .
At the same time , consumers are waiting for their existing rights to establish their existing rights , to use access to new homes , if they are at a disadvantage as consumers , for example or prevent them .
This balance has been achieved .
On the other hand , ladies and gentlemen , we are not in the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market to say that this is a final solution .
We therefore recommended that a revision of this directive should be revised after 18 months .
We must take responsibility in this evolving world for our work , but at the same time we will be prepared to change changes if necessary .
This is an extremely important element which we must give more emphasis .
We want to make the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Legal Affairs Committee is very responsible for the directive .
We are now keen to implement it as quickly as possible .
Why is we as quick as possible to implement it as quickly as possible ?
Because this would enable the European Union to participate in the Treaty of Rome , which would , once again , give an important global dimension to the protection of the identities .
A real price for us should be able to ensure that we get ourselves as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor , although I have not yet read a book and I have not read a great many !
The protection of intellectual property was always a concern from the European Union , the European Parliament , because we know that culture is a source of protection for culture , that culture is flourishing and that economic production is being violated .
It would therefore be possible for the European Parliament to be able to act as a European Parliament .
That is not !
For the first time , we are witnessing intellectual property protection .
The European Parliament &apos; s assent !
We are witnessing the fact that the European Parliament is not yet one of the goals .
After 18 months meetings in the Council , we have to say that it is now up to us to go ahead .
After 18 months meetings in the Council !
And then the Council &apos; s term is unanimously &apos; unanimously &apos; , although it would have been able to decide , and then the balance that has been so often expressed .
Then Parliament will be invited to change this .
Then Parliament will be superfluous !
I have never seen that Members of their governments or parties have had so much pressure .
But if both sides of the Council are , governments , the Council and Parliament , then we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be fair .
The common position has weakened the rights of the authors .
I am referring to the rapporteur &apos; s side and I would like to ask Parliament to take these rights at least some of them .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe that many people have made a review of the directive in 18 months as Mr Harbour requested .
Are we going to get to grips with the whole lobbying ?
That would be too fast .
Ladies and gentlemen , everything has already been said about the directive .
It is not , therefore , easy to take the floor now .
However , I would like to thank our wonderful rapporteur .
I would also like to stress that the official line of the Liberal Group was balanced at first reading than the latter .
We therefore consider that the common position should be amended essentially .
At first reading we were concerned that Parliament &apos; s majority of the Internet will endanger the operation of the Internet , which would also make it advisable to introduce a system which would also make it profitable in Europe .
These days , either in the network - and partly in the electronics industry , the outcome of the Human genome has published the results of the Human genome .
Everyone can be able to come up with material , whereas we are paying for EUR 3 million to be paid for this .
This is an area of copyright .
But is the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the right balance ?
I think we should consider the directive on the directive .
I would also like to draw your attention to the fact that it is now the official position of our group to make so few amendments as possible .
The common position is a delicate compromise which is not invented because otherwise we otherwise do not have the signature of the WIPO Treaty , which is the most important one .
Mr President , I feel it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I am rather sad that they will have a negative and reserved tone on part of it .
We must not forget that the new media is the rapid interaction between man and the idea of the people and between the people .
There are , of course , a legitimate concern about the protection of copyright protection in today &apos; s time .
However , protecting these rights must not lead to the citizens , coaches or researchers of access to documents and the use of documents which are subject to copyright .
It has been repeatedly referred to the importance of the balance between the producers and consumers , and this balance needs to be done .
If we do not manage to manage this balance in the Union , then the serious consequences of the discussion will have serious implications for the discussion of the Internet and similar media .
If , for example , the synergy are not imposed , for example , there are students , student and researchers , the squeeze and programmes that could remain on the wayside .
The draft directive before us , in Article 5 ( 5 ) , is critical of the restrictions on a fair procedure , as enshrined in the Berne Convention .
It is , of course , possible for Member States to introduce a pension in the interests of disabled people , private exchanges , public libraries and fruit , and some other users to restrict themselves to limit restrictions .
This is permissible , and the Member States are in no way obliged to do that .
These decisions are based on the principle of subsidiarity .
I stress that this is a commercial interests which is expressly excluded from the definition of the directive , which is expressly excluded from this directive , and I would also like to see a few amendments from Mr Wuermeling , and I hope that we can adopt a few amendments .
Mr President , in my country , there is a very serious tradition in the information society in the information society , which does not cover copyright .
The new technologies look at the artist to the European Union and await a common approach to this question .
There are , of course , many controversial points , and there are a number of controversial points , and this is what we are doing now , and , in this sense , we are openly aware of the actions of the authors and the other vision of the consumer and the Legal Affairs Committee and the Legal Affairs Committee and the Legal Affairs Committee .
They have managed to substantially improve the Council &apos; s common position .
It is extremely important to have the restrictions on exemptions , and I think that the amendment of the Legal Affairs Committee could have been dealt with very carefully , even though the amendment of the Legal Affairs Committee has been amended here .
We also need to take account of libraries and archives so that there are no other amendments to respect the respect of intellectual property .
Mr President , I would like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur for the rapporteur , the patience of a saint and my persistence .
We are in a great deal of trouble on this difficult subject , which we all have in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which has been speaking on a number of occasions in this House .
Many are of the opinion that the interests of these two groups cannot be homogenous .
I believe , however , that this should be possible with the current version , but it provides us the opportunity to lay down a series of principles which could serve as a model .
It is not a simple task .
Everyone has the right to fully accommodate the best principle between consumers and the entitlement to protecting and entitlement to protection and compensation .
Mr President , I too would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to strike a balance in the discussion for almost three years .
It has been even more difficult to exercise the Council &apos; s amendments at first reading .
The new directive is , as has been said , the aim of the new directive to adapt the current legislation to the new technologies adopted in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum relating to the protection of copyright in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , but it must not constitute a single market .
Cultural and economic challenges are considerable and the Internet must develop with an impressive speed in Europe , as the United States has introduced a framework of this kind , as the United States has introduced such a framework .
We therefore need to take a more urgent view of the fact that this directive is a crucial factor in the fight against piracy , and this piracy in the field of competition is a real scourge in the area of the information society , which is particularly different and keep the same quality and keep the same quality and keep the same quality .
The manufacture of tobacco is a recognised party .
It is perfectly normal , in fact , that there should be an adequate balance , and the balance must be achieved .
If such pictures were to be reserved for so @-@ called private cloning , the legislator must be sufficiently restrictive , and we must not allow the legislator any clarity .
This is why I am in favour of a restrictive definition of the electoral system .
On the protection of works , piracy rates must be the possibility of the use of technical control .
This is why we need to put an end to the so @-@ called &apos; boxes &apos; by means of public procurement systems which can be evaded and which are being put to the manufacture of air traffic rates .
This in constant change gives rise to many questions and concerns .
The directive must lead to balance between the interests of the consumer and those who are responsible .
It is a attempt to find a response to these issues as quickly as possible , which must inevitably remain inadequate .
The review of the directive after a period of two years will enable us to identify the loopholes and weaknesses in the development of the information society .
Mr President , in my own country &apos; s own country , you found : &quot; It is illegible , so far so that it is the most horrendous &quot; .
In other words , the authors of the authors , the authors of this Parliament , are hoping to see that this Parliament is involved and that it is a matter of its conscience .
We believe , Mr President , that it is possible to establish the gap between the democratisation of the new technologies and the continuity of the knowledge which is available to us on the Internet , and the continuity of the creative teaching system , which is based on insufficient interest , when it is insufficient and not self @-@ congratulatory .
There is therefore a great deal of differences , the demagogic resistance and financial interests hide , and this really is intolerable in the whole of society .
Let us not be naïve , Mr President .
Cigar and distribution are economic values , it is always the basis of the intellectual property force and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council &apos; s common position make a greater degree of reference .
On behalf of the consumer , we are dealing with the ability to use de facto enterprise , and , as you are happy with a wonderful explanation , the freedom of movement and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communications technologies are not an opponent of the intellectuals , but it must not be said that there is the world in which we live in the world where we are living in the world , and that is the author .
We do not have victims of consumer rights on behalf of consumers , and we do not , in particular , accept the worst sin of the text of the text - that it is the most important sin of the text to organise technology .
Mr President , despite many efforts and progress , I congratulate him on the fact that there is still no text to harmonise the three freedoms of cultural protection systems : the creative freedom of movement , freedom of communications and freedom of life .
If we do not succeed , Europe will lose its main values .
Mr President , our languages , Mr President , may use very little on the altar of the fact that the ambiguity of that identity is exacerbated by the presumption of weakness that every European world of the world is facing .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank Members of the various groups for the 32 signatures which I have made possible to make a number of amendments in plenary .
In certain key areas , I am convinced that , with an overwhelming majority , we should return to the position adopted by the European Parliament two years ago at first reading .
Above all , we are talking about further restrictions on the way in which the Internet providers are based on e @-@ commerce , in accordance with the directive on electronic commerce , in accordance with the directive on e @-@ commerce , and the possibility of the Member States to introduce technical safeguards without jeopardising the internal market .
Why do I mean this ?
First of all , for principle .
Is there any more important than the protection of the environment ?
Can it be even more abstract than the product of human beings ?
The European Parliament has always been the guardian of the European cultural heritage and that must continue to continue in the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , we will be able to make sure that easy and without any other taste can be drawn up , we will no longer be able to give them any more notice .
Without doubt , there is no incentive for an incentive for creativity and innovation .
However , this debate goes beyond its purely tariff .
It will also be the case of employment .
At present , approximately 100 000 jobs are lost in the European Union in the European Union .
The State is also turning to it .
For the Belgian state alone , which I know well well , this is the only way forward , and this applies to all the preparatory measures that have been set up to it .
We need to be quite aware of the process .
I endorse what Mr Rothley has said .
There are therefore enough reasons to support the amendments I have tabled jointly with many other MEPs , which I would like to thank .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive has a huge impact on growth and competitiveness in Europe , but the use of the Internet must not be more difficult and more productive .
If we manage e @-@ commerce with higher costs , we will not be able to increase the cost of the world in ten years &apos; time , in ten years &apos; time , to the global economic area of the world .
If we as a Parliament want to strengthen confidence in us as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on e @-@ commerce and this directive must comply with them .
We are therefore not going to change Article 5 ( 1 ) or Amendment No 33 , which is not going to be a homogenous block .
Our reaction to the environment must not lead to the fact that we are in a position to create the freedom of freedom of expression or the free flow of information .
The Marketing d &apos; état for the head of an Austrian plane must be made very high .
If we want to monitor each small @-@ scale perception of each other , which is going to be done , then we will have lost the basis of what the Internet has done and that the productivity of countries with a high use of the use of the Internet is to be created .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must take centre stage , not the technical form .
There must be a television system , as they want to choose their programmes and the music which they want .
